AUBURN HILLS -- In the first official meaningless game of the season, the Pistons played as if their lives depended on it.	EN
Earlier that day, clad in a protective white suit, Paul - a special enforcement officer from the Environment Agency - had painstakingly examined the entire field and found hundreds of pieces of asbestos no bigger than a golf ball.	EN
According to Beal, the city needs to be proactive in seeking and writing grants and needs a presence on the Internet with an official city Web site.	EN
Smith has been injured on the track before he broke his back in a race at Saratoga, N.Y., in 1998, Daniels said.	EN
The boat named Re-Run had been purchased in Pensacola by Beatty F. Thompson, 85, of Georgetown in the Cayman Islands and he was taking it home, said Coast Guard Petty Officer 2nd Class Krys Hannum in Portsmouth, Va.	EN
He also said all residents will be able to give input on changes that would affect the entire community.Home teams favoredThe residency question on the sports needs assessment is a key one that affects field assignments.	EN
And as he was spinning back around, one of the suspects fired a second shot hitting our victim in the left side around the rib cage area and fled the scene," said Richard Cox, Solvay Police Chief.	EN
Both decisions came at crucial time for a Legislature in the midst of writing laws to establish a state lottery and redrawing state election district lines.	EN
But they followed that high-water mark by losing six of their next seven games, a fate they hope to avoid repeating with the strong pitching, timely hitting and solid defense they displayed Tuesday.	EN
We would like the family to have a special connection or love of the park and they may comprise an elderly grandparent who was around in the 1920s, and has a photograph of themselves as a young child, and a young grandchild from the present day.	EN
So when a strained Achilles tendon in his right leg and a sprained left ankle made it impossible for Fields to be his best at this weekends track championships the Ridge View High senior had a wealth of life experience to help him cope.	EN
He noted that new construction accounted for over $78 million in new value for 2005.For one large segment of Gillespie's taxpaying population, there is some good news following the recent mailing of appraisal notices, Oehler said."	EN
The commission reported back in March 2014, with recommendations centred on more tax varying powers and control over some elements of welfare and benefits policy.	EN
Jurors said the accusations of a young boy and his family were not credible -- a total legal victory that triggered jubilation among the pop star's fans and embarrassment for the district attorney's office.	EN
Ramkhalawan's classmates from MS 137 gathered Friday at the scene of the fire and remembered their friend, whom they described as a talented reader and writer who was a dutiful attendance monitor known to help others in the school.	EN
Fiore, who has spoken at town meeting on behalf of the center in the past, urged the voters to reserve the money and sealed her comments with a threat to "come back again," until the senior center is built.	EN
Colorado's three Catholic bishops applauded the election Tuesday of Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger to the papacy, saying that his experience as the closest theological adviser to John Paul II will help him provide a steady, gracious guidance.	EN
Officials of the Davenport, Iowa-based company announced Friday they completed their purchase of Pulitzer Inc. in a transaction valued at $1.46 billion.	EN
It was a nasty feeling to be in hock to the bank, although I don’t think it does you any harm because it shows that you believe in your product.’	EN
When Michael, now 17, was entering preschool, she lobbied school officials and rallied parents of other special-needs children to move preschool students to the "regular" campus.	EN
Salary will be dependant on experience; they offer excellent benefits, a relaxed, friendly working environment and the chance to work on some real AAA titles.	EN
Of the 19 buildings, five bear the names of former Virginia governors, and one is named for the late Virginia U.S. Sen. Harry Byrd.	EN
But at selective private schools, where waiting lists are fairly common, administrators take varying approaches with financially needy students on the lists.	EN
In doing so he often copped plenty of criticism, however, "he wore this without bearing any malice because he was a man of honour".	EN
Mr Dotcom tweeted: "Breaking News: High Court ruling just now. Mona and I are getting our New Zealand assets back, unless the Crown appeals."	EN
When we offer our lawns too much nitrogen too early in the year, lawn top growth is accelerated at the expense of root growth.	EN
Right now, unless there were a very strong voice from the community, weve got better things to spend our money on, said City Councilman Steve Allsop.	EN
Rice, the Lady Warriors' center fielder, threw well in practice Thursday, according to IL pitching coach Mark Barfield.Senior ace Jessica Knox, 21-1 this season, was an option as was closer Heather Langley."	EN
It can be more than monetary. “It could be a title for your resume or a commitment for a good reference,” he said.	EN
If you’re disinclined to venture far from your home office, Paul Denlinger suggested: “Computer programmer: It is a continuous learning process, but you really don't have to work that hard , and gradually you learn that many of the challenges are repetitive.”	EN
So which question is the right one: How could the U.S. military send an obviously mentally ill man who abhorred fellow soldiers and walked around talking to himself to Kuwait with those soldiers?	EN
This is the latest stage in the rapid evolution of so-called Moocs - massive open online courses - where some of the world's leading universities have created digital versions of courses which are offered free over the internet.	EN
With the acknowledgement that we need the differences for our own survival _ be that related to nature, culture, nation, individual _ we might even begin to celebrate our common ancestry as the powerful source of our precious uniqueness.	EN
"We believe the deceased may have been in an altercation with three males in their late teens or early 20s earlier in the evening."	EN
U.S. officials said rebels set off a bomb next to a fuel tanker in an early morning attack that set off a chain of large explosions.	EN
Gerry Mueller, who has shuttled between Sun Lakes and Wisconsin for 15 years, said taking time for some planning is key to a successful departure.	EN
Earlier this year she announced she was to return to the record company that helped launch her singing career 10 years ago.	EN
At around 1:30 a.m., a bomb threat was phoned to 911 indicating that a bomb was set to detonate in 15 minutes at 33 Washington Square West, the address of the freshman residence hall, officials said.	EN
A gallant try, even if maybe 15 percent of the audience was able to really hear it (that 15 percent sang every word, by the way).	EN
The site has published a post explaining how a hacker hijacked several accounts last week - including one belonging to Mumsnet's founder Justine Roberts - after exploiting the cryptology flaw to expose the owners' credentials.	EN
Umesh Prabhu, national vice-chairman of the British International Doctors Association (BIDA), said he would only support raising pass marks if there was proof all doctors were tested to the same standard.	EN
Organiser Carl Dalton, who was at Valley Parade on the day of the fire, said: "The tournament helps preserve the memory of those who died.	EN
While the big pluses of the company's Full Throttle program - an organisational redesign launched during the quarter - will not be seen until 2005/06 and beyond, cost savings will flow through.	EN
He had assists on five of Miami's first six baskets, had six setups in the first quarter and nine by halftime -- two more than the entire Wizards roster had combined, and matching Washington's total output in Game 1.	EN
The Jackson Lanier star named the national high school player of the year by one evaluation service has until May 14 to decide whether to join the NBA draft pool.	EN
Nor do any other companies on the index have a "Ministry of Fun", a team dedicated to organising weekly social activities for staff, such as come to work in fancy dress days, nights out, or computer game tournaments in lunch breaks.	EN
Shareholders will believe it when they see it, since our original piece in February also included a promise to publish within a fortnight.	EN
A mission of more than 1,000 Marines, one of the larger deployment since the battle of Fallujah last November, has this week been pressing through villages along the Euphrates River seeking insurgent strongholds.	EN
Having never spent time on the DL, the 26-year-old lefthander is expected to lend advice to other young hurlers Rich Harden, Haren and Joe Blanton.	EN
The latest batch of screenshots from the game were published in the current issue of Electronic Gaming Monthly, and quickly blazed their way across the Net.	EN
The company is regulated by the Environment Agency but has a history of breaching waste management licence conditions and bending the rules.	EN
He also said that both rooms are non-occupied rooms except for the industrial arts storage room, which is used by the woodworking teacher to attain materials for class.	EN
Eagle Aquaculture is a subsidiary of Aetos Technologies, a technology firm company Auburn and a group of private investors co-founded in 2003 to bridge the gap between university-based research and the commercial market.	EN
"After we put it on he was quiet all the way home, so I asked him what was wrong," Carlos Contreras said.	EN
Yonts said all the wounded were in stable condition and that four of the Americans had been taken to a U.S. military hospital in Germany.	EN
The 29-year-old, from Swindon, hit an eagle on the second and, despite hitting trouble on Amen Corner, then rattled off a hat-trick of birdies from the 14th.	EN
He has not played in the Open since it last was held at St. Andrews in 2000 and is returning only because the Royal & Ancient Golf Club moved up the Old Course in the rotation to give him one last chance.	EN
The group, which Turkey and the United States consider a terrorist organization, led a 15-year battle for Kurdish autonomy in a conflict that has left 37,000 people dead in Turkey's largely Kurdish southeast.	EN
The Treasury and Resources Department, which would have to find the £1.9m, has suggested offering education to all was offering a subsidy to the better off.	EN
Department of Human Resources Secretary Christopher J. McCabe said the office was meant to provide 24-hour service to troubled children, seven days a week.	EN
They have had batting coaches and bowling coaches, as well as head coaches for different forms of the game, but this is the first time they have had an official number two.	EN
Roberts hit a leadoff homer to right for the Padres, the third of his career and first since Aug. 9, 2003, while with Los Angeles.	EN
Kim Abbotts, chairwoman of the Guernsey Pre-School Learning Alliance, said the group's members hoped to work with the department before the system was introduced.	EN
Bonderman somehow allowed only three runs Monday when the World Series champion Red Sox might have easily scored a half-dozen, alone, in a wild third inning.	EN
We cannot have head teachers forced out, teachers undermined, curricula re-written and cultural or gender-based segregation," he told the NASUWT teachers' conference in Birmingham.	EN
"You're seeing occupancies rise, and so this is going to be one of the sectors in the REIT universe that we think is going to have above-average growth."	EN
It has been claimed the traffic calming schemes have delayed the response rates of the emergency services to the streets within the zones.	EN
Daniel Mears / The Detroit NewsTim Duncan (21) and Bruce Bowen prevented Chauncey Billups from making a winning shot near the end of regulation in Game 5.	EN
Mr Baldwin said he was happy to reach his 300th donation and that this donation would be his last due to doctors orders.	EN
The Canaries ultimately paid the price for a disappointing first half, which began with Sterling sidestepping Bradley Johnson and powering a 22-yard shot, which took a slight off defender Michael Turner, past keeper John Ruddy.	EN
New York-base Verizon revealed two weeks ago it is paying $1.1 billion to acquire a 13.4 percent stake in MCI from its largest single stockholder, Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Helu.	EN
The cubs will continue to be let out into their paddock over the next week or so before having the complete freedom of the main lion reserve with the rest of the pride later in the month.	EN
His attorney, Eduardo Soto, said the arrest came after Posada Carriles had asked US immigration authorities to tear up his request for political asylum.	EN
Edward Deak, the group's Connecticut forecaster and an economist at Fairfield University, said it could be two years before job losses begin and six years before they are finished.	EN
Aggressive federal law enforcement has rendered the crime syndicate a mere shell of its once fearsome self, says the current head of the FBI here.	EN
Under the rent deposit bond scheme, the council pays the deposit for a tenant so they can rent a property privately.	EN
On most days, it is all that Willie Randolph can do to put on a brave face, and pull a starter out of his cap.	EN
Rights organizations in Turkey and abroad have long denounced the practice as brutal and unfair to women; men who engage in the same activities are not held accountable.	EN
It controls nearly 30 percent of the global copier market and more than half the laser printer market including output supplied to Hewlett-Packard Co., and it is one of the top makers of inkjet printers.	EN
In game one, Princeton scored three runs in the first, all unearned, as a two-out error gave way to a two-RBI double by Paul Ackerman to score Adam Balkan and Sal Iacono.	EN
The Cubs affiliate in Lansing had qualified for the ML playoffs each of the previous four seasons, including a championship in 2003.	EN
Emily Callahan, 30, and her friend Nicole Lamoureaux, 34, both teachers in Sudbury, pulled windbreaker hoods over their baseball caps and plodded up Beacon Hill on their way for coffee and a workout.	EN
An anti-corruption drive by the Chinese government in 2013 meant that giving expensive items to officials - which has long been a part of the political culture - became prohibited.	EN
"The customer wants its content easy and fast, but the content owners want them to pay for it as much as possible so we are trying to get the proper balance," Enderle Group's principal analyst Rob Enderle said.	EN
I did not expect those numbers," Ligtenberg said.It stands as a stark contrast to the 60-65 percent success rate for parolees who are released directly into the public sphere.	EN
Exports of certain Chinese clothing items to Europe have risen by more than 500% since the 30-year-old Multi Fibre Agreement expired.	EN
In one long-running operation, hackers traced to Russia were found to have been quietly downloading millions of pages of sensitive U.S. military data, including one colonel's e-mail inbox.	EN
But unlike University Square or 40th Street, routes like Thayer Street, State Street and Telegraph Avenue all have long histories -- something that Penn cannot generate overnight.	EN
Iraq on Sunday, killing 20 Iraqis, officials said, and wounding more than 30 and bringing the death toll in three days of insurgent attacks to at least 100.	EN
Ironically, one of the issues plaguing her has been the allegations that her relatives took bribes from operators of the illegal numbers game jueteng.	EN
A public hearing for the purpose of vacating an easement east of the present Southwest Regional Development Commission building brought no responses, so the council went ahead and approved the vacation.	EN
"On Friday, April 8," Donato said, "I requested a meeting and notified the D.A.'s office that I had important information bearing on Dr. Wilson's innocence.	EN
All I can say is that we’re currently looking at two deals - one here, the other in Germany.” His relentless good humour - in victory or defeat - is attractive.	EN
A police spokesman says the man jumped out of some bushes on the side of the road and tried to grab the woman as she rode past.	EN
Eureka's Alex Feusier and Jeff Schirmann are certainly no slouch at the No. 1 slot, and Pablo Diaz is coming off an impressive run to the championship in his respective singles bracket.	EN
Sterling turned from scorer to provider as he bent a low right-wing ball into the path of Suarez, who guided a sidefoot home for his 30th league goal of the campaign.	EN
But charges including $13.9 million for severance payments to laid-off workers in the U.S. and Singapore, and the termination of a product line, pushed the company to a loss of $24.2 million, or 10 cents a share.	EN
Whether DeLay did anything wrong now will be determined not by his repeated denials nor by his political adversaries, but rather by his duly elected peers in Congress.	EN
Up to then, the public's understanding of what had happened to Tillman had been largely shaped by the Army's public news release on April 30 purportedly giving details of Tillman's death in southeastern Afghanistan.	EN
Elsewhere in the state on a stormy day, quarter sized hail was reported near Pinnacle and 2.40 inches of rain fell at Burlington.	EN
The SEC alleges he "received non-public information on the extent of the evolving disaster, including oil flow estimates and data on the volume of oil floating on the surface of the Gulf".	EN
As if all that weren't enough, there will also be a drawing for 3 Holiday Baskets filled with Christmas goodies and gifts during the Holiday Open House!	EN
Bofors' new artillery system, FH77-B05-L52, is a major contender along with South Africa's Denel and Israeli Soltam for India's plans to raise and equip 100 plus regiments of the towed version of the 155mm artillery guns.	EN
Pocket doors open to the dining room, allowing the rooms to be used together for entertaining or closed off for a more intimate atmosphere.	EN
The final numbers aren't in, but state and local tourism officials say visitor traffic for January and February was strong, and hospitality businesses were encouraged by big crowds last month.	EN
“Well, the market undoubtedly slowed or rather came to a halt in July, but we’ve had no problem with our banks, nor do we anticipate one.	EN
Dr Liudi Jiang from the University of Southampton, who is leading the project, says the sensors could act as what she calls a "second skin".	EN
SANTA MARIA, Calif. -- A travel agent testified in Michael Jackson's child molestation trial yesterday that she was asked to arrange a one-way trip to Brazil for the singer's accuser and his family, but the journey was abruptly canceled.	EN
The American Cancer Society's Great Lakes Division offers Camp Catch-A-Rainbow, a free program to enrich the lives of children between 4 and 15 years old who are being treated for cancer or who are in remission from cancer.	EN
Rep. Bryant Hammett, D-Ferriday, said the Blanco administration is promoting the bill to cement the film industry in Louisiana after an impressive string of productions were partly or wholly produced here.	EN
Dallas was without forward Carlos Ruiz (ankle) and Eddie Johnson, who worked out with the U.S. national team during the week but didn't play in the opener because of turf toe.	EN
Fischer, who weighs about 112kg, has been dubbed "Yo-yo-Fischer" by the media because of his ability to swiftly lose and then put on weight.	EN
Premier Coal managing director Stewart Butel told the West Australian on April 9 that claims by the union that miners were on strike over safety were "fabricated" and that the company was losing $500,000 a day.	EN
"The problem of Islamist extremism and charities... is not the most widespread problem we face in terms of abuse of charities, but is potentially the most deadly.	EN
Lower margins here and abroad coupled with higher downtime at refineries led total refining and marketing income to drop by about 36% from last year.	EN
Last year's festival was downsized from three days to two-and-a-half days and was headlined by David Guetta, Calvin Harris and Snoop Dogg.	EN
She lived almost a year with her son in Sterling Heights but didn't want to continue burdening him, so in recent weeks has been splitting time between living with her daughter and a friend, both in Macomb County.	EN
There will not be an open season on feral cats, regardless of Monday night's vote at Wisconsin Conservation Congress meetings around the state.	EN
Grams said he'll support the party's nominee, likely U.S. Rep. Mark Kennedy (news, bio, voting record), who announced earlier this month that he had raised $550,000 over a six-week period.	EN
Through a series of secondary buyouts from private equity firms, it first acquired the Tussauds Group for 800m, then Doncasters (manufacturers of precision engineered components and systems) for 700m, and more recently the Travelodge hotel chain for 675m.	EN
She is a trustee of the British Forces Foundation and towards the end of last year travelled with the organisation to Afghanistan to entertain troops.	EN
I think 60 minutes would be a little much for me," added Joseph Allwein, 84, who was pedaling a stationary bike at the center.	EN
Banc of America said in a statement, "As sales of the PSP gain momentum and mass-market adoption rates increase, we expect software sales to broaden."	EN
Oksendahl is a University of North Dakota recruit who has experience running the type of offense his team will employ during the game.	EN
Also, there will be an expansion draft for at least one new team - Salt Lake City - and possibly two more.	EN
Mos Def, who has more range than lots of young actors likely collecting larger paychecks, is one of the best things about ''The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy," a sporadically interesting adaptation of Douglas Adams's cult favorite.	EN
However, higher costs for oil and other materials, transportation bottlenecks, protectionist moves and slower growth among the major global economies may soften demand for Chinese goods this year, the report said.	EN
An Executive Order of 1944 stated that anyone who received that combat badge in World War II was also entitled to a Bronze Star, which is awarded to a soldier who distinguishes himself with heroic or meritorious service in a ground battle.	EN
White, a member of a commission formed specifically to create alternative funding to continue Growing Greener, said she doesn't support the final deal.	EN
He hesitated for a year ” working as a teacher and in a pub ” before summoning the courage to go solo and put his ideas into action.	EN
NAS iSCSI management and connectivity have been boosted via a new configuration wizard to ease provisioning, as well as integration with Microsoft Corp.'s Windows 2003 Volume Shadow Copy Services, officials said.	EN
Missoula writers are bartenders, baristas, and some make a go of it in sales.Shaun Gant, a playwright and poet, knows well the story of the struggling writer."	EN
Dishes low in sodium included sweetened water chestnut cake, with 12 milligrams, and mixed bean sweet soup, with 7.6 milligrams, the study said.	EN
It said it would end direct payments to doctors for promotional talks and stop setting individual targets for its sales reps as part of a wider effort to improve transparency.	EN
McPharlin has not played since straining a hamstring against Geelong in round 10. Known as a high-leaping defender, McPharlin has been reinvented as Fremantle's full-forward this season.	EN
It was not immediately clear, however, whether he would support the main opposition, but his spokesman, Elias Zoghbi, dismissed concerns that his good showing was a victory for Syria.	EN
More than 175m (574ft) long, with three floors of offices and a car park above the bus bays, it was big enough to double as an overnight garage for many of the town's buses.	EN
A Palestinian negotiator says Sharon and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas (mahk-MOOD' ah-BAHS') will set a date for an upcoming meeting after Passover.	EN
Questioned about whether he was prepared for a wave of criticism or negativity towards the code in what remains a rugby league town, Matthews wasn't fazed.	EN
Monster stood up and reached into a pajama pocket and came out with a checkbook and started to scribble in such a dramatic, theatrical fashion I thought it would be illegible, but when he handed the paper to me it was very clear: a check for $50,000.	EN
Winning any silverware was worthy of celebration but enjoying trophy success by beating Celtic in a final was always a bonus for Walters.	EN
According to Mark Iremonger, vice chair at BIMA, “The UK is a leading light for creativity in interactive media and the BIMAs stand-out as a key creative showcase for the best in British online.	EN
At least 26 troops have been killed by insurgents so far in June, bringing to 1,311 the number of U.S. soldiers killed by hostile action.	EN
Al Sabah, who is also Kuwait's oil minister, said US$40 a barrel for the OPEC basket of crude oils was an acceptable price level, according to Dow Jones Newswires.	EN
The Rangers will hold a meeting at Tuesday at Romeo's Bar and Grill at 6:30 p.m. for those interested in playing on the team.	EN
For while he leads a business belonging to the FTSE 100 index of the largest companies listed on the London Stock Exchange, his relaxed, down-to-earth management methods seem a world apart from his contemporaries.	EN
And at Pamplin Historical Park, site of a pivotal but relatively obscure Civil War battle, you can make like a Johnny Reb or a Billy Yank.	EN
"As a former public company finance director, I would not have been comfortable running with debt levels the bank was running with.	EN
BOULDER, Colo. -- Exabyte Corporation (OTCBB: EXBT - News), the leading innovator in tape backup, restore and archival systems, today announced financial results for the first quarter of 2005, ended March 31, 2005.	EN
On the spending side, the main difference from Blagojevich's original budget proposal is that education would get a $300 million increase instead of a $140 million increase.	EN
Mr. Nixon's great-uncle, whom he recalls fondly as Uncle Dick, was President Richard M. Nixon, a relationship he had never shared with Mr. Jones.	EN
“It took me two weeks to get over that, but it didn’t dent my passion, I still went to every match when I was here.” The defeat seems a minor one when contrasted with the successful bids DIC has made for three UK companies over the past three years.	EN
Ford's conversion, and penalty early in the second period, extended Bath's lead further and they looked on course for a relatively easy victory.	EN
And then when they placed an ultraviolet interference filter over a polarised light source, their laboratory butterflies could no longer tell which way was south.	EN
In a study released Wednesday by the North Carolina Child Advocacy Institute, researchers found that the punishments of suspects charged with killing children varied widely.	EN
Taking the industry back 21 years, the creative theme for the 21st BIMA awards will celebrate the “iconic design” of 1984 – the year the BIMA awards launched.	EN
Irvinestown's Niall Tinney brought off a superb save from Paul McGrane in the 30th minute to stem the flow of action towards his goals.	EN
PASADENA, Calif. (AP) - The city's bid to lure an NFL team to the Rose Bowl has ended, leaving the Los Angeles Coliseum and a parking lot in Anaheim as the lone remaining candidates interested in landing a team.	EN
Ashley Dewling, 18, a member of Brighton High School's golf team, was already two weeks into her golf season by Good Friday, when she was out playing nine holes at Mystic Creek in Milford, a course owned by her father, James.	EN
You could meet an older guy who says: 'I could've made the National Hockey League if I'd stayed home,' " Maple Leafs coach Pat Quinn said in 1998 when recalling his father's role in the Battle of the Atlantic.	EN
English speakers in Scotland may know more words of Scottish Gaelic origin, like cranachan, a type of dessert, pibroch, bagpipe music, Sassenach, Englishman. Dictionaries, even very big ones like the OED, monitor those words that have some traction in English across the world.	EN
We have tried to work with the county, with animal control," said Rodney Poole, senior vice president and general counsel for Wilton.	EN
It may be terribly politically incorrect to say so, but German is simply a bad language to rap in. French, Spanish, Portuguese, even Russian - all perfectly acceptable languages for words of hip hop wisdom.	EN
Despite ground and air searches, the suspect was not found, Debby Holman, dispatch supervisor with the San Bernardino County Sheriffs Department, said.	EN
Steven Moffat has brought bad news for Sherlock fans after hinting in a recent interview that the next series might not hit TV screens until 2016.	EN
However, the government has said that all but the top 10% of earners are already seeing their incomes rise, once tax cuts are taken into consideration.	EN
Owner of Tisdale Bus Lines in Timmins Ron Malette, said funding has been frozen for 13 years, and the bus drivers are trying to send a clear message to the government that they need more funding.	EN
Beta strategies are a safer approach, targeting lower, but more guaranteed returns, while alpha strategies are those where an investor takes a more active, hands-on view.	EN
Mr Francois, a veteran war correspondent, and Mr Elias, a photographer, were abducted in early June on their way to Aleppo.	EN
Washington and Brussels have expressed concerns about a surge in Chinese textile exports since a global quota system ended in January.	EN
"If it (planning permission) says 'at existing ground level' then you don't go to a transfer station to find waste or get materials to bring on.	EN
We always take a look at local vendors," he said.Job fair plannedThe IOC has not developed a timeline for hiring the estimated 800 workers expected to be employed at the hotel and casino."	EN
While in the ICT sector, we offer tax holidays upto the year 2008, for manufacturing industries, we provide land and other infrastructure at concessional rates, besides an attractive corporate tax of 15 per cent," Canabady said.	EN
Moores, therefore, has the chance to impose himself while showing that he has learnt the lessons from last time when, according to the testimonies of Michael Vaughan and Graeme Swann, he had quite an overbearing and authoritative approach.	EN
Much of the work of disarming an audience is done ahead of time, when planning for the meeting. For instance, Bubriski coached the team of architect Santiago Calatrava when they were pitching their services to rebuild the transportation hub at the World Trade Center site in New York City.	EN
It's not soaking up the oil, it's not blowing up like a sponge - the oil is coating the outside," says Lisa Gautier, founder of the ecological charity Matter of Trust, which runs an international Hair for Oil Spills programme to collect off-cuts from hair salons and pet groomers, sheep farmers and individuals.	EN
Smith suggested going further: Print the document, use markers to black out text and scan the document back in. Relying on a purely electronic copy, he said, spells trouble.	EN
In the state of North Bahr al Ghazal, the situation has been exacerbated by the presence of 10,000 IDPs from the neighbouring region of Darfur.	EN
The case became the talk of the Internet and late-night talk shows, and it spawned numerous bizarre tips and theories about the source of the finger.	EN
But she’d been under the impression it would take years of schoolwork to learn what she needed to in order to make the switch, she said in an email.	EN
On the witness stand Wednesday, Krass responded in curt, mostly "yes" and "no" answers to questions from both his own attorney and prosecutors.	EN
This move was to change her life - an invitation to stay for one term turned into 30 years, an opportunity to set up a comparable laboratory in Rome, and eventually a Nobel prize for the discovery of nerve growth factor (NGF).	EN
Brittany Boivin followed with a hit back to the infield, but with Labs running on contact, she was able to beat an errant throw home to score the third run of the game, giving Labs and Boivin the game's only RBIs, all in the top of the first.	EN
When an industry is growing very rapidly, a skills gap tends to develop and they use up the available people who are willing and able to do that type of work," said Brian Rooney, an Employment Department labor economist.	EN
Speaking at the company's analyst and investor meeting Tuesday, Tallent said spending should stay about $3 billion to $3.2 billion between 2006 and 2008.	EN
Putting something so upscale on what was for many years regarded the wrong side of the river, might seem a big gamble, but the fact is that, a year before completion, most of the units are already sold.	EN
You can be sure of one thing; whatever the economic weather, there are nine individuals committed to ensuring that CPI inflation stays close to 2 percent," the text of the speech, released on Monday, said.	EN
DIG Doda- Udhampur range Satvir Gupta said every possible precaution is being taken and police personnel have been kept on high alert.	EN
The Larsons, who live in Fenton near the northern edge of Livingston County, said they didn't want to vacate their yard that abuts a small lake.	EN
England lock Ben Kay, meanwhile, is among the replacements, having shaken off ankle trouble that has plagued him since last month's Six Nations clash against Scotland at Twickenham.	EN
He pitched yesterday and he's just a hard-working strong kid and he came in and he knows and we know that if we can give him a couple-run lead, he usually can get us through and finish it off for us," said Wood.	EN
"You have all justly celebrated the achievements of your three dioceses; and this has been very right and proper so to do.	EN
By the time Jim Dacier took the mound for Medway in the second, his team had staked him to a 5-0 lead.	EN
"And it may be too late, because once that soft tissue is compromised it could lead to infection and could be really serious."	EN
"The bowling performances of Doug Bollinger and a revitalised Robbie Joseph will give Kent optimism for the rest of the season, so too the keeping of Sam Billings.	EN
CITY leaders in Swansea have been told the city's "swings and roundabouts" children's play parks could cost £9.3m to bring up to required standards.	EN
Mom's the word. That's who students had on their mind this week as they worked on special projects and hosted activities in conjunction with Mother's Day.Students in Arianne Exline's class at Long Elementary School made cards for their mothers.	EN
"In the run up to a county election, there are all sorts of questions that might be asked about how this is being done.	EN
That's especially true if that rut has served you well, if you owe much of your success to approaching life, or aspects of it, in a similar and familiar fashion.	EN
Doing that brings the increase in operating income to 25% -- not quite as impressive, but it still makes for an extremely solid quarter.	EN
Axel Springer publishes more than 200 newspapers and magazines including German papers Die Welt and Bild. It also has a significant online presence and television and radio interests.	EN
We understand the Lockheed-Martin and Boeing agreement is subject to government and regulatory approval and the Air Force is looking forward to the final outcome Finn said.	EN
Rest In East were formed after Glentoran first looked at moving out to the Billy Neill Complex, named after one of their late, great stalwarts, on the Comber Road in Dundonald.	EN
The other employment facilitation programs of the DOLE include the holding of job fairs, which bring under one roof employers and applicants for both local and overseas jobs.	EN
Equipping people with the necessary skills was the best way of ensuring Britain could to meet the competitive challenges of the future, he said.	EN
Richard Bradbury, 26, who is a technician at Blatchford and had an amputation below his right knee soon after he was born and then above the knee in his teens, has long experience of discomfort caused by pressure and rubbing against his prosthetic limb.	EN
Bicskei could even face action from the Asian Football Confederation but FAM's decision to ask him to show-cause indicates that his position as national coach could be in jeopardy.	EN
Baltazar's contention was that he had to travel outside of the Islands to soak up the jazz, as fan and as musician.	EN
They said they gave Richard Watts the keys to their land and agreed to allow him to put 9,000 cubic metres of material on to the site.	EN
A suicide car bomb exploded yesterday near the offices of the National Dialogue Council, a coalition of 10 Sunni Arab factions that have been negotiating a stake in the new government which is dominated by Shia Muslims and Kurds.	EN
Mr Dopfner's letter was published in Germany's Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung newspaper - which is not published by his company - in response to a column by Google's executive chairman Eric Schmidt.	EN
But Cotter said his players were so positive about the prospect of playing the Lions and the Bay traditionally played with so much emotion against touring sides that he had no trouble getting them prepared.	EN
And now we are thinking we are going to have to replace the carpets and it is supposed to rain again of the next couple of days," says Kelly.	EN
Dont forget the bubbly, either: Not only are sparkling wines festive and good when chilled, but their effervescence can be naturally thirst-quenching as well.	EN
"On the face of it, a resounding win for Worcestershire, but the difference between the two sides was probably Ben Cox's excellent career-best innings and Kent's failure to get to grips with a difficult and deteriorating pitch on the final day.	EN
She said they were "sympathetic" towards farmers, but added that the "industry needs to look at its own practices" and improve "bio-security in the farmyards themselves" to stop the spread of the disease.	EN
It's very hard to be precise about the boundaries of the vocabulary of any language, especially a global one like modern English. Every speaker of a language has a slightly different vocabulary.	EN
Research has shown that breast-feeding for just one day makes a difference to a baby's health by stabilising blood sugar, protecting the gut and providing natural antibodies against disease.	EN
In an open letter to the three now-defunct dioceses, the Archbishop of York, Dr John Sentamu said: "You are pioneers within the Church of England - I thank you with all my heart for all that you have given and forsaken in the interests of God's future.	EN
SCOTTSDALE - The Scottsdale Parent Council will hold a discussion on plagiarism in schools at its next meeting at 9:30 a.m. May 10 at the Scottsdale Unified School District Education Center, 3811 N. 44th St.	EN
The following are transcripts of draft comments made by running back Noah Herron, a seventh round pick by the Steelers, and Running Backs coach Dick Hoak to the Pittsburgh news media yesterday.	EN
However, if you think this issue will make it difficult to do your job, ask your manager quietly about switching to another role within the company.	EN
I felt pretty discouraged, but I also felt empowered, like we had so much more work to do," said Vince Shelton, a junior and YIF member.	EN
The members of the Athens Area High School softball team are pictured here carrying an American flag during Monday's Valley Memorial Day Parade.	EN
He also told Europe 1 that "there was no question of contact with the Syrian government", saying only that the negotiation for their release "was of another nature".	EN
Companies can use the DMAIC (Define, Measure, Analyse, Improve and Control) approach to identify and solve and performance gaps in project and programme management.	EN
From Russia With Love is the newest third-person Bond game, and it hearkens back to the Bond film of the same name, going altogether retro in style, but not in feel.	EN
BOSTON - Gov. Mitt Romney is refusing to sign a recently approved stem cell bill unless lawmakers amend it to ban cloning for research, a practice he describes as ethically wrong.	EN
Under the proposals MSPs would be able to vary tax by up to 15p, giving them the option of restoring the 50p rate for top earners. But there would be no power to cut the upper income tax rate, which currently sits at 45p.	EN
Via a partnership with Salon.com, the journal has demonstrated how a beautifully designed, niche print publication can survive alongside digital offerings.	EN
Finnish play equipment manufacturers Lappset were asked by Swansea City and County Council to produce an audit of fixed play facilities in the city and to work out how much improvements would cost.	EN
The categories to be put under scrutiny are T-shirts, pullovers, blouses, stockings and socks, men's trousers, women's overcoats, brassieres, flax or ramie yarn and woven fabrics flax.	EN
Bryant showed the new raw water pumps feeding in from 24-inch lines from the Dan River, and the new chlorine scrubber system, which is required by federal standards to handle any potential chlorine leaks.	EN
This year’s Internet Marketing Summit is being opened with a presentation by Neil Halpin from Google, who will discuss “Multiscreen marketing in our constantly connected world”.	EN
The sale is a big test of demand for Chinese internet stocks ahead of an anticipated listing by Weibo's co-owner, the Alibaba group.	EN
Sean May, 6-9, 260, forward, junior, North Carolina: He's got a Charles Barkley-like body and obviously his stock rose with the Tar Heel's national championship run.	EN
Col. George and Nelle Fabyan, who lived on the estate in the first half of the 20th century, routinely ground flour there for use in their kitchen.	EN
For the past 10 years, his company has worked with the Matter of Trust charity to establish a hair recycling system to find a use for the all the hair and fur cut off by stylists and pet groomers each day.	EN
“The celebrations are a bit blurry. We generally did things together though and we had a do at the club straight after before enjoying a few nightspots.”	EN
Hill, who fell just shy of winning the East Range Conference title last season, got off to a slow start but is now beginning to hit his stride.	EN
At this point I had two options: (A) I can be scared and intimidated by these big time players; or (B) I can say "I'm just as good as them, they just don't know it yet," and play my game because I don't have anything to lose.	EN
And though the guests couldn't see, there were nearly two dozen reporters - from CNN to Reuters to the local news outlets - cordoned off on a balcony.	EN
Online poker has surged in popularity as it pulls in a wider audience than traditional casino gambling -- often women and younger players who may not have visited casinos.	EN
The donated hair and fur is then stuffed into nylon tights to make sausage-shaped booms to string out along beaches, as officials have said there are not enough manufactured booms to protect the coastline from the looming oil slick.	EN
Other symptoms can include increased stress and anxiety, as well as memory blocks, which can make it harder for some older teachers to keep up with the latest teaching methods, it adds.	EN
Brian Mallon also scored a goal and three points with Oisin McConville knocking over four points the same as Fermanagh's top marksman Mark Little.	EN
In addition, Bioteau has experience in public education, serving in several behavior-specialist and consulting roles in New Hampshire school districts from 1980 to 1990.	EN
We are trying to get teens into the Canteen center, have them have concerts, so at 11:30 at night they can go home instead of looking at something that may get them in trouble," explained Kaitlin's father David.	EN
Fairbanks borough officials say there are several road service areas that don't tax themselves at all, giving them no formal funding source.	EN
Luke Donald stormed to an impressive third at the Masters - his best finish in a major - after a scintillating final round 69.	EN
And it's this property of hair - and fur and wool - that means it will be used to help tackling the oil spewing from BP's ruptured well in the Gulf of Mexico.	EN
Chicago Board of Trade July corn futures settled 1.50 cent higher at $2.2275 per bushel, and December ended 1.50 cent higher at $2.3975 per bushel.	EN
Over the past decade, quality fabrics and classic practical designs have become the hallmarks of the company, as have swift distribution and creative marketing.	EN
And lawyers representing a victim tend to go after the insured, knowing they're more likely to realize monetary damages as opposed to going after a company without insurance.	EN
Bench coach Brad Mills managed the Red Sox on Wednesday, as Boston rallied for five runs in the ninth inning against Yankee closer Mariano Rivera to pull out a 7-3 victory and pick up its first win of the season.	EN
Ernest Hemingway is one of the world's most celebrated authors, and Finca Vigia is the home he loved best," said Richard Moe, the trust's president.	EN
Jon Sim and Patrick Sharp each scored two goals, and Antero Niittymaki made 28 saves for the Phantoms, the Philadelphia Flyers' top farm club.	EN
Still, at the height of the storm, a Ranger patrol headed out about 100 km over the ice to Amund Ringnes and Meighen Islands.	EN
I look forward to working together to make Candy Crush Saga as popular in China as in the rest of the world."	EN
Deputy Governor of the state Chief Benjamin Elue told the visiting team that the Joint Task Force had done so well that the state was not in a hurry to let them go.	EN
Little wonder, then, that the tall, lean Colm became a central plank in an Armagh side that was to win three Ulster senior titles.	EN
I had a privileged position that wonderful sunny afternoon in Bellahouston Park - right at the front, the first person to greet him as he stepped on Glasgow's soil.	EN
Explanatory Work: Winner: Erin Anderssen of the Globe and Mail for "Elves of Geodemographics," an in-depth explanation of a powerful marketing tool that is used to figure out what makes consumers tick.	EN
City staff and MGT recommended amendments to the current program including expansion of the Small Business Enterprise Program, changes to personal net worth standards for certification and enhancements to record-keeping and operating policies.	EN
Mrs. Nicholas was a former NRA champion marksman and a member of The Garden Club in Tulsa and a member of Rudy Baptist Church.	EN
He fully subscribes to the view that entrepreneurs are usually extremely bad managers, explaining: ‘The skills to set up and then manage a business are diametrically opposed.	EN
And finds they are, including an 18-foot-long scale replica of a U.S. warship, a Fiberglas rhinoceros head with a gold-leaf horn, a bar stool on skates and a bicycle covered with 10,000 pennies.	EN
Until a workshop on gender awareness last Saturday, the 18-year-old boys of SMK La Salle in Petaling Jaya had thought of women as suffering from "compulsive shopping disorder", insanity, vanity and mood swings.	EN
In Game 1, the Pistons also outscored the Heat in the third, 30-24. But the Heat already trailed at the start of the quarter.	EN
Internships represent one of the best ways to gain experience and get a foot in the door in today’s project-based economy, said Larry Stybel, a principal at Stybel Peabody & Associates Inc, a leadership coaching and senior outplacement firm in Waltham, Massachusetts.	EN
"When I was younger and getting bigger and growing more I had up to four or five legs a year. And because you're getting bigger you're not going into the socket as much. And it can rub, it can create sores, blisters."	EN
Iran, for instance, claims it is trying to increase its nuclear power-generation industry, for the same reasons the Bush administration wants the United States nuclear industry to revive.	EN
A report last year, sponsored by the Information Technology Association of America trade group, on offshore outsourcing of software and IT services indicated that sacrifices by American IT workers would result in an improved US economy overall.	EN
If the NHL concludes a new collective bargaining agreement including a salary cap, some of the prospects playing in the series figure to find big-league jobs in 2005-06.	EN
Another third of Hockenbury's requested budget was allocated for salaries and the remainder would be used for vehicles, supplies, uniform allowances, training and other operating expenses.	EN
He will then be locked in the Sistine chapel with the other members of the College of Cardinals until they have agreed on who will succeed to the papacy.	EN
Smith, whose base salary last year was $27,310, indicated in a letter to commissioners she wanted to be paid $51,000, which is what FirstEnergy has allocated for the position.	EN
In 2012, GSK paid $3bn (£1.9bn) in the largest healthcare fraud settlement in US history after pleading guilty to promoting two drugs for unapproved uses and failing to report safety data about a diabetes drug to the Food and Drug Administration.	EN
Things started poorly when he double bogeyed the second but he came undone on the back nine where he dropped a total of six shots.	EN
European Commission spokeswoman Francoise Le Bail told a news conference in Brussels that the aim was to reach a negotiated solution with China to resolve the dispute.	EN
A $3 million gift from the Victor and Helen Regnier Charitable Foundation and $5 million from the Kansas City-based Hall Family Foundation were the significant private donations for Regnier Hall.	EN
The money was initially offered in February as part of a £250,000 tranche with a flurry of publicity direct from the office of Tory leader Lord Hanningfield.	EN
Although the atrocities committed during Leopold's reign have been well documented by historians, they have only recently become the subject of public debate in Belgium.	EN
Aurora cruised into the finals of the Cornerstone Classic with a 9-1 win over Waverly Saturday afternoon fueled by Jared Melcher's arm and the bat of Joe Broekemeier.	EN
But delve deep enough and you'll discover that Logan, metaphorically speaking, also mirrors the Tigers (33-33), brimming with promise and potential, destiny unknown.	EN
Daniels met with county commissioners in April, soon after he saw another accident in the intersection involving six small children, who weren't seriously injured.	EN
We should really be marvelling at an Apple engineer who can make a computer that a two year old can use."	EN
Parks' findings show that 83 percent of people who don't own portable players spend $11 or more per month on music, and in general, non-PMP owners expressed an intention to buy music online.	EN
School officials were given an opportunity to appeal the decision and present a plan to fix the problems, but the review board agreed with the universitys original decision.	EN
The Holgates had every reason to be worried - under British environment legislation, the landowner must pay the clean-up costs if waste is dumped on their land illegally.	EN
Douglas Morgan, a teacher from Birmingham, warned the National Union of Teachers conference on Sunday that the inquiries could "demonise the Muslim population of this country".	EN
US WINEMAKER Constellation Brands yesterday made a tentative bid approach to Allied Domecq, the world's second-biggest wine company, throwing into doubt Allied's recommended £7.4 billion sale to France's Pernod.	EN
Further tax cuts for high income earners and the phasing out of the 15 per cent superannuation surcharge in Tuesday's budget have already been foreshadowed.	EN
It is made of real wood and grows with your child, allowing you to remove pieces as the child grows until it becomes a chair right at the table.	EN
But these days, precisely the opposite combination has dealt the flagship German carrier - and many other European companies - another economic setback.	EN
Now state Treasurer Timothy Cahill is studying a proposal to launch a weekly televised bingo game as a way to boost lottery revenues.	EN
Phoenix guard Steve Nash edged Miami's Shaquille O'Neal by 34 points to win the NBA's most valuable player award Sunday, the fourth-closest margin since the media began determining the winner in 1980-81.	EN
Barefoot Landing, a popular shopping and entertainment site in North Myrtle Beach, also has added 16 new shops and an arcade, upping its retail shop count to more than 100, she said.	EN
England's famous five have been recognised as a tribute to the record-breaking performances of Michael Vaughan's men in 2004, when they won 11 and drew two of their 13 Test matches.	EN
Samuels, 31, grew up on the city's East Side, went on to become a Harlem Globetrotter, then returned to Wilmington to start a small mentoring program for at-risk youth.	EN
According to a local report, the bus was taking foreign tourists to Singapore when it fell into a ravine near a junction.	EN
Kohl's said net income rose to $124.7 million, or 36 cents a share, from $103.1 million, or 30 cents, a year ago.	EN
Each season’s range is advertised in the firm’s family- friendly catalogues (the first models were in fact family and friends).	EN
Those efforts, however, failed to spare the district from the demand by the DEP that it withdraw its application, which, in any case, the state agency claimed it never received.	EN
Mr. Bennett, author of "The Book of Virtues," said blood clots from a recent knee surgery prevented him from flying, forcing him to cancel his talk at today's event.	EN
MSF (Doctors Without Borders) said in statement that it had not heard from the two men, a French aid worker and a Congolese driver, since Thursday.	EN
People survive by buying on the internet, making the trip to Marks and Spencer (thankfully re-opened), or cadging consignments from visiting friends.	EN
Kevin O'Rourke fired over four points from play in as many minutes at the end of the first half to fire the Orchard County into a two point lead at the break 1-02 to 0-07 and they never looked back thereafter.	EN
While he wasn't prepared to deliver his State of the Nets address yesterday, Kidd may want to get that ready since the team is inching toward perhaps another summer of uncertainty.	EN
She was, nevertheless optimistic that it would be possible to put forward a proposal by the deadline, provided the county remained flexible.	EN
John Paul II also assailed the breakdown of family values in Cuba and urged a return of Roman Catholic schools, closed by the government since the 1960s.	EN
Of course, all states around the world have the right to control immigration but the Jews-only state allows immigration only from Jews not any other religion.	EN
"There have been contradictory reports on what exactly the Chinese authorities were about to do," she said, adding that the EU needed to check the details "more precisely" with Chinese officials before reacting to their latest move.	EN
HOUSTON - With an assault weapon in each hand, rocker and gun rights advocate Ted Nugent urged National Rifle Association members to be "hardcore, radical extremists demanding the right to self defense."	EN
Yeah, we have worked a lot with the team and we have evolved the car to a position that suits me better and also the team understands what I need to drive the car.	EN
HUNTINGDON VALLEY, Pa. - Two elderly women were struck and killed by a high-speed train Sunday as they used a crosswalk at a suburban Philadelphia train station, authorities said.	EN
At the time, Malcolm Fox, a chemist and visiting professor at Leeds University, studied the use of low-grade wool in oil spill clean-ups.	EN
It is in the game's interest to see the Bengalis develop into a competitive Test nation but this was men against boys.	EN
On Wednesday, Chinese Commerce Minister Bo Xilai said his country was abiding by World Trade Organization (WTO) rules and accused the EU and US of "double standards".	EN
A dedicated Liverpool fan, he laughs as he recalls the rejection of DIC’s 157m offer for Liverpool football club last year.	EN
His ex-girlfriend, Nikki Bingham, who had been transferred to Germany, had returned to Blandford Camp for a cross country running competition and on February 2, this year, they had an argument.	EN
By going his own way, Aoun _ who is allied with both anti- and pro-Syrian figures _ thwarted the alliance's hopes of gaining a majority in the 128-member parliament during earlier rounds.	EN
It was used in past disasters, such as 2007's Cosco Busan oil spill in San Francisco Bay and in the Philippines in 2006, when prisoners shaved their heads and chests to donate hair to the clean-up effort.	EN
Matt Lohr of Canastota, who came to Miller's class with his father, had already started about 30 giant pumpkin plants from seeds that he acquired from a friend of a friend.	EN
If any other businesses or organizations want to participate in the Family FunFest, a representative can contact Sue Butcher at the Chamber office, 546-8821.	EN
Those wanting to attend the hockey are still in the running with 34,000 tickets still unsold while more than 81,000 seats for the Rugby 7s at Telstra Dome can still be bought.	EN
Changes include a more stringent and open judging criteria, a new criteria for selecting judges, revamped categories and a focus on identifying high standards of creativity, craft skills and above all, interactivity.	EN
The Tomlinson allegations centred on the bank's Global Restructuring Group (GRG) lending division, which specialises in handling loans seen as being more risky.	EN
If you don’t ask for what you want, at some point you are going to “feel like you’re being taken advantage of.”	EN
"I'm sure that in places like Syria and Somalia it is very, very difficult for charities always to know what the end use of their aid is, but they've got to be particularly vigilant," he said.	EN
With deconstruction set to begin at Easter - it cannot be demolished due to the danger from asbestos - the end of Greyfriars is not only about removing a failed blueprint for Northampton's architecture, it signals the end of another Brutalist building - a period of architecture that it has been argued "produced some of the most sublime, awe-inspiring buildings on the planet".	EN
Bernalillo County Commissioner Michael Brasher hosted the public meeting, the first of two on the proposed rate increase for solid waste disposal at the East Mountain Transfer Station, located on Old Route 66 just east of the Tijeras.	EN
And it's this lack of self-pity _ the stoicism characteristic of an older generation, perhaps _ that has prompted Prachin's friends to organise a special concert to raise funds for his medical treatment.	EN
The story touched off a flurry of letters to the editor seeking to expand and clarify the debate, citing laws that required fishways around dams while damning wealthy corporations for influencing the Legislature.	EN
Adorned with chirpy descriptions of the models’ habits and predilections, the brochures are mailed direct to customers’ homes and posted on the web.	EN
After the natural disasters at the end of 2004 we are maintaining our target of around 100 million euros in operating income by the end of fiscal 2006," Chairman Henri Giscard d'Estaing said in a statement.	EN
Compagno said he appreciated that shark attacks were extremely traumatic for those involved, but said the number of incidents was low compared to other causes of death.	EN
The musician eventually fulfilled his contract by delivering Warner Bros a series of albums packed with off-cuts and lacklustre material - including Chaos and Disorder and Old Friends 4 Sale.	EN
Goff also spoke of how the graduates have represented themselves and their community well throughout their time at Warren Central, not only in the classroom but in athletics as well.	EN
At about 11:30 a.m. Monday, campers spotted the girl on Buffalo Park Road, a Forest Service road in Grand County that runs near the campsite where Moody and her family were staying.	EN
Cotton's pitcher had two passed balls that were very costly and the Vikings had seven hits to produce seven Viking runs making the score 11-0.	EN
This was the main driver for the £ 2.3bn rise in turnover to £7.5bn and the major factor in the 17% rise of pre-tax profits to £715m.	EN
You don't have to be a record-breaking run scorer or a serial Test wicket-taker, you just have to be able to understand the game and get the best out of the players you have.	EN
This is because each boom is hand-made, and its volunteers are unlikely to want to handle filthy - or intimate - off-cuts.	EN
Although he still showed his trademark mobility even as he aged, the 5-foot-10 native of Natick, was frequently pigeonholed as a backup to taller, more traditional quarterbacks.	EN
A 400-tonne ship is to be sunk off Rockingham, south of Perth, to create a dive wreck to boost tourism in the area.	EN
"I quickly formed the opinion that they were victims of Richard Watts. They wanted to bring in quality soil. Why would they bring in material that was unsuitable? Their life was turned upside down, they were devastated".	EN
Borders shares fell 25 cents to close at $25.85 in regular trading Tuesday on the New York Stock Exchange before the revised outlook was announced.	EN
Wireless hot spots and services offering mobile access to the Web, e-mail and corporate networks are spreading across Canada faster than mosquitoes in spring -- and for information technology workers, they can be just as pesky.	EN
The English winger scored a fine equaliser to take the League Cup final to extra time and ultimately set Rangers on the path to another trophy.	EN
On Monday, the Jefferson City Council took up a new ordinance intended to persuade developers and homeowners to voluntarily annex property into the city -- in exchange for sewer service.	EN
If approved, Nugent said letters would be mailed to the area's more than 200 sexual offenders and predators advising them of the change.	EN
While Amato was being besieged with calls from veteran drivers looking for a second chance and young ones looking to become superstars, Lucas never even thought to call.	EN
Local chef Lisa Williams said fresh, young wines those drunk in the year of their vintage have the acidity that will cleanse the palate and quench the thirst.	EN
Mr Jones's humble beginnings commenced at George Peacock's jam factory where he started working at the age of 12 pasting labels on jam tins six days a week, ten hours a day.	EN
The concert will feature music of Bizet, Debussey, and Saint-Saens performed by pianist Brandt Fredrickson, soprano Ida Faiella, violinist Barry Finclair, and cellist Semyon Fridman.	EN
And even if a mad professor came along who was able to exercise some degree of control, how could he be sure that the results would repeat themselves time after time?	EN
Although a Trinity parent told the Chicago Sun-Times on Thursday that the notes appeared directed at interracial couples such as Song'ony and his wife, school officials denied that's the case.	EN
While some alternative investments can enhance a portfolio, they should probably be a modest percentage of your overall financial plan.Examples of alternative investments include real estate, managed futures, private equity, along with many others.	EN
Joe Anderl, a 2001 OU alumnus who also played at the concert, said he was excited to be included in this year's Lobsterfest and praised ACRN for putting it all together.	EN
There is an ethical problem here, but it’s not yours. It’s clearly wrong to cheat on your spouse. However, it’s not your responsibility to report the clandestine couple to Human Resources unless the behaviour impacts you directly. You should only become involved if the affair gets in the way of the team’s productivity.	EN
The Liquigas all-rounder came a respectable fourth place overall having surprised everyone by his climbing prowess on what was probably one of the hardest Giro's in terms of mountains for years.	EN
Mr Henin, who was working for Le Point magazine, and Mr Torres, reporting for French-German television channel Arte, were taken later that month near Raqqa.	EN
But a few years ago under former Sheriff Dave Murtaugh -- who left in 2002 after being appointed U.S. marshal for the Northern District of Indiana -- Anderson said the department had two openings that the state would not allow the department to fill.	EN
It was reasonably successful and we recycled the wool mats by putting them through an old washing mangle to recover the oil, which could also be used again."	EN
You also need to consider whether by taking a cut in salary, you risk seeing the value of certain benefits - such as statutory maternity pay and sick pay or pension entitlement - affected.	EN
There was a period in the early years when I had to mortgage the house, which my wife wasn’t very happy about.	EN
"We're researching medicinal plants for all we're worth, we think that ancient medicines of the past can be the medicines of the future."	EN
Turning his attention to Google founder Larry Page, Mr Dopfner said: "He dreams of a place with no privacy laws and without democratic accountability."	EN
Can you think of a better way to trash someone's reputation -- say that there is bad stuff from an FBI investigation in a file somewhere and leave that hanging?	EN
That it took him three years to make it is understandable given the dot-com bust, the recession, 9/11 and generally tough budgetary times.	EN
While OneSource plans to keep abreast of union developments in the Houston area, our primary focus will continue to be providing high-quality, cost-effective facility services to our customers," according to the company's prepared statement.	EN
"We want our academy to be a breeding ground for first team talent and if we can find someone through Football Icon, either in England or around the world, then that will be fantastic."	EN
Coding is at the heart of the digital world, he says. If you want to understand this world then you need to understand its language.	EN
The race will begin in Oundle in Northamptonshire on 7 May and finish in Bury St Edmunds in Suffolk on 11 May.	EN
The Paint family is offering a reward for information that results in the recovery of the jewellery taken by the raider.	EN
Elsewhere, the commission proposed that housing benefit should be devolved to Holyrood, as well as the attendance allowance - paid to disabled over-65s - and the work programme, which manages services for the unemployed.	EN
Alastair Scott, Chair of the BIMAs, stresses that the judges, all senior practitioners in the interactive industry, will be looking for exceptional creativity and innovation.	EN
Probably, the first of these was the November 26, 2004 report of Mr Anil Ambani's letter to RIL about a July 27 board meeting redefining the powers of the Chairman Managing Director.	EN
The Ford GT is all about capitalizing on past accolades--and Ford has every reason to consider the GT40 one of the high points of its history.	EN
Mr Dopfner acknowledged that he was pleased at the marketing relationship between the two companies and an admirer of Google's entrepreneurial success but went on to say that the company had little choice but to engage with Google as "we know no search engine alternative to increase our online reach".	EN
We're a joke, we are a complete and utter disgrace and we perpetrate this falsity and this lie on the head of the already trodden-upon, mute and weak."	EN
When the cardinals gathered in the Sistine Chapel on April 18, they had just witnessed the most extraordinary papal funeral in the 2,000-year history of the church.	EN
Wilker maintains that all of these "private, non-ticketed events" qualify under the contract as "civic events," though the definition of "civic" is the exact opposite of "private."	EN
According to the Resolution Foundation, such workers are more likely to be involved in "low paid odd-jobbing" rather than highly-paid entrepreneurial jobs.	EN
Calatrava hung blank sheets of white paper around the room and then slowly drew lines on them as he spoke, saying something along the lines of "We begin here… and we will take a journey to… here," invoking the vision of the completed transportation hub.	EN
Team work paid off for the former tournament champs from Bermuda as they held their lead from Wednesday over 69 teams from 31 countries into the final day of the tournament today.	EN
On being appointed editor at the beginning of 1995, I knew immediately whom I wanted as my senior deputy. I had come to rely deeply on Georgina's judgment, energy and directness.	EN
"There is a very equal group fighting for the same places and there are still a lot of points to be played for.	EN
The council has used the scheme to secure homes for about 350 households threatened by homelessness over the past five years.	EN
Much of the health sector outsourcing and a growing element of the education outsourcing will be IT services, and those business processes delivered and supported by IT.	EN
Might they see some opportunity to seize large tracts and then transfer them to commercial developers - say, adjacent to public lands or national parks?	EN
The Co-op Group chief executive told the BBC's business editor, Kamal Ahmed: "What we have found is a period of poor performance from management.	EN
He said they would work on gardens, walls and areas around the memorials under supervision, but would not work on the memorials unless asked.	EN
Anderson and the rest of team sat inside, across from each other, eyes closed, "just calmly getting ready for what's about to happen."	EN
Interviewing Sir Bruce for a career retrospective last year, she said: "Bruce is too modest to say this, so I am going to say it for him"	EN
The nine-week old cubs, each weighing about one kilo and the size of a young Labrador puppy made their first public appearance into their outdoor paddock.	EN
"When you go to the auctions in China, you can spot the British. They are the ones buying 1,000 tonnes of this, 1,000 tonnes of that," says Didier Jumeau-Lafond of Dammann Teas, based in Dreux, west of Paris.	EN
He concedes that poring over all of them is "nearly impossible" - since they are based on the honor system - but hopes the so-called spot audit will provide a thorough look.	EN
Police said the burglar used the weapon to smash the window of N St J Paint and Sons in the Pollet, at about 04:30 BST on Good Friday.	EN
Clinard said he and others have been researching the best way to put the dam back in and the best practices for removing the 3-4 feet of silt that has accumulated over the years in the bed of the lake.	EN
When insurer Direct General Corp.'s plans for a Baton Rouge call center hit a snag last year, Livingston Parish officials thought they had grabbed the project and its 1,000-plus jobs.	EN
As for the large amount of cash in his room, he said it belonged to him and to a friend who was unable to open a bank account.	EN
In Moscow, the learning hub is hosted by Digital October, a centre for technology and entrepreneurship. Yulia Lesnikova, director of educational programs, says it provides a more sociable way of following online courses.	EN
Burr worked on a makeup counter before taking her first steps into video blogging. The 24-year-old from Norwich gained popularity through her weekly beauty tutorials, but has since moved on to product reviews and style tips.	EN
"It's amazing how Charles Causley picked up little pieces of Launceston in his work. He must have always walked around with his eyes wide open."	EN
Causley was proud of his Cornish roots, which can be found in his vast array of poems which frequently included references to the duchy and its legends.	EN
But he added that there needed to be a focus on training more doctors in the UK and less of a reliance on those from overseas.	EN
He said renovation activity had peaked and was forecast to ease back by six per cent from 2004/05 before bottoming out at a reasonable figure of $20.7 billion in 2006/07.	EN
Like Valentino says, it is a very technical track and I expect it to be very physical because there are only two straights where you can relax a little on the bike," he commented.	EN
The asterisk is the most hated symbol in sports because the very existence of it casts an immediate shadow on whatever precedes it.	EN
And the NCAA did not change the rules for the number of players allowed on the field at one time; it's still 11. The Exponent regrets this error and hopes Williams remains a wide receiver despite our suggestion of defense.	EN
Rupert Murdoch, chairman and chief executive officer of the movie studio and television conglomerate, said the company aims to find a way to resolve lingering issues with Liberty before the end of the current quarter.	EN
Another has it that Joan was sent to a faraway convent to repent her vile evil sins and that the sprog she dropped grew up to become the Bishop of Ostia.	EN
Five of the 16-seat trislanders could be sold to airlines in South America or Africa, but G-Joey, the airline's pin-up and mascot, could go on display in the island.	EN
Murphy teaches art at Shadowlawn Middle School in Arlington and has been active for several years on the Chimneyrock PTA board as the cultural arts chair.	EN
The Liberal Democrat peer, a justice minister until last year, claimed the main obstacle to the sweeping change was the fear of politicians that the media would say it meant the two ten-year-old boys who abducted and murdered two-year-old James Bulger in Liverpool in 1993 would have got away with the crime.	EN
As a black American who says he has been made to feel unwanted every day of his life, Langston sees the commission as merely allowing perpetrators to escape punishment.	EN
And that in August 1998, after again meeting with Grimes to highlight her cash-flow problems due to the policy, that he again refused and, in fact, gave her 48 hours to find new funding or she couldn't accept new students.	EN
He felt they were capable of it, while saying even 150 would have been tough to chase on the final day.	EN
BP shares, which closed at $60.48 on the day of the explosion, plummeted as low as $27.02 over the following weeks.	EN
About 150 people, including volunteers for the Minuteman Project and their supporters, chanted "Hey, hey, ho, ho, illegal aliens got to go" and sang "God Bless America" as they filed past the Border Patrol station in this community.	EN
A Cumbria Police spokesman said: "The Mercedes estate did set on fire, but all the occupants were pulled free by members of the public.	EN
It was derided by Channel 4 presenter and designer Kevin McCloud as "like a great big mouth of hell" and work on its destruction begins this weekend.	EN
We made such giant strides, challenging for the title and in Europe, and suddenly the club was falling apart," he says of the fall.	EN
“At the same time, you get to work with other reasonably intelligent, technical people, while the investors throw money at you for their next great idea.”	EN
Under British environment legislation, the landowner must pay the clean up costs if waste is dumped on their land illegally	EN
Joe Allen had an angled drive fended away by Ruddy as Liverpool made a typically energetic start, with a second goal not taking long to arrive.	EN
Sherlock fans need not despair, however, as Moffat and his co-creator Mark Gatiss revealed at a BAFTA press screening that the fourth - and maybe even fifth - series have been plotted.	EN
"I think they believed they were going to create some sort of utopia. The failure of this building [is] it just doesn't integrate [with people] using the town."	EN
The NHS England-commissioned review found that R killed his victim with a punch to the face after wrongly convincing himself the man was sexually exploiting a female friend.	EN
An employee was attending to another customer when the man left the shop at 4:39 p.m. Sunday but quickly followed the man to try to get his license plate number.	EN
"I've been here a little over 15 years, virtually since day one I've heard comments over and over again from people who would like to have cabins either here or somewhere on the lake," Hesse said.	EN
In the second, UA loaded the bases on Jordan Brown's leadoff double, Nick Hundley's walk and a throwing error by ASU third baseman Joey Hooft on Chris Frey's sacrifice.	EN
If that’s the case, problem solved: the company likely has a process for dealing with policy violations, taking it out of the manager’s hands.	EN
I'm afraid Koh Kret's pottery will vanish someday, with only 20-30 potters remaining on the island, and the new generation showing little interest in retaining these traditional skills Mr Chusawasdi said.	EN
The festival, which has been held every summer at Punchestown Racecourse since 2004 apart from a break in 2012, attracted crowds of up to 80,000 people in its heyday.	EN
Negotiations with their kidnappers had been going on for several weeks but it is not known if anything was offered to them in return for freeing the men, the BBC's Hugh Schofield reports from Paris.	EN
White cars bearing large stickers with the logo of the European Union and reading the words "international observers" were roaming the streets and checking on various polling stations.	EN
One factor that could benefit both Moores and Cook is the probable appointment of Sri Lanka coach Paul Farbrace as assistant coach.	EN
I told them to hang on to hope, that miracles do happen, knowing full well that my sentiment was real, but my words were likely hollow.	EN
The person with the sticky problem here is your manager, who oversees each of the people in this couple. First, she should determine whether, in fact, this situation violates company policy.	EN
Mr Nixon and Mr Kissinger met in the Oval Office in November 1971, to discuss the then president's conversation with Mrs Gandhi the day before.	EN
The dollar fell against the yen and euro in Wednesday morning trading in Asia as concerns grew about data set to be released later about the U.S. trade deficit.	EN
Now three more patients, who had been paralysed for at least two years, have gone through the procedure and regained some movement.	EN
Ukraine opened the scoring at 10:15 of the second on Kostiantyn Kasianchuk's first goal of the tournament before Brett Hauer leveled with his power play goal 2:45 into the final period.	EN
The row over textiles comes as China faces increasing pressure from Washington over its currency, the yuan, which has a fixed rate of exchange against the dollar.	EN
Hosni Mubarak, will visit a girls school, tape a show that is the Egyptian equivalent of "Sesame Street" and go to Egypt's famed Pyramids complex south of Cairo.	EN
During the first visit to the White House by a Palestinian president in his administration, Bush called Abbas a ''man of courage" and said he had made progress toward addressing terrorism and corruption.	EN
Ensuring the area remains residential was important for Chinchay, who spoke at recent council meetings and asked Garcia to write letter of support to ensure the area was zoned as residential.	EN
Other than that, it's pretty much me and the kids," Hackett said.After a limestone mine closed in 1978, the town of Horse Creek "pretty much dried up," Hackett said.	EN
As rain soaked thousands of white crosses marking American war dead, President Bush paid homage Sunday to the "terrible price" paid by soldiers who never came home from their fight against tyranny.	EN
Unfortunately, Kildall was more a commited engineer and less a marketing snake, so he brushed off an IBM deal to license CPM/86.	EN
If a donor is unable to pre-schedule an appointment, they are invited to walk in on Friday between 7 a.m. and 1 p.m. at the legion.	EN
Good SEM agencies can help clients manage bids for listings intelligently, achieving the smallest possible price gaps between listings, using software that automatically drops or raises the cost of a bid, according to current circumstances.	EN
It is this impetus for a sacred space, such as the early temples dating from this time in Mesopotamia, that appears to be behind the vast structures uncovered in central Europe.	EN
Davidson County Superior Court Judge W. David Lee gave Richardson a suspended sentence of as long as eight months in prison, as well as 18 months supervised probation, a $1,500 fine and 50 hours of community service.	EN
It seems obvious," Navarro-Valls told RAI television, noting that young people in the crowd had already started chanting "Benedict XVI" the way they chanted "Giovanni Paolo," John Paul's name in Italian.	EN
Every year the Environment Agency receives more than four million calls from worried members of the public about fly tipping and pollution incidents.	EN
Check with health inspectors repeatedly to make sure that work being done is up to code and all proper permits are issued.	EN
Consider that Franklin and Hamilton completed their first full seasons of play at the position last fall, even though they each had a taste of it the year before.	EN
It's called Special Delivery, a service that Knott hopes will inspire mothers- and fathers-to-be to learn as much as they possibly can about the birthing experience and the challenges they might face when they bring home the baby.	EN
She said she was punished even though the sexual harassment complaint on her behalf came from a male officer who complained about Simmons' treatment of all officers under his command.	EN
But it still took Mr Boden seven years to hire a full-time designer. ‘It’s embarrassing when I look back,’ he says. ‘I was doing the designs on the back of a cigarette packet.	EN
They look forward to greeting guests at the Opening Reception on Sunday afternoon, May 1st from 3 to 6 PM at The Continental, 2144 First Street in Old Towne Slidell.	EN
If your arteries are partially blocked you can experience angina - severe chest pains that can spread across your upper body - as your heart struggles to keep beating on a restricted supply of oxygen. You are also at greater risk of a heart attack.	EN
WASHINGTON -- The Labor Department reports that the number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits plunged by 36,000 last week, the biggest drop in more than three years.	EN
Up to 40 more were believed to have got off a wooden boat found beached at Gialiskari, a few kilometers east of Palaiochora.	EN
Firefighters met their biggest challenge so far on Saturday, when the blaze threatened to cross state Route 160 from the south, forcing the road's closure between state Route 159 and Mountain Springs for most of the day.	EN
Mobs smashed car and shop windows and attacked government offices, the Pakistani consulate and the offices of two U.N. agencies in Jalalabad.	EN
Veritas, in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, said its estimate of the penalty was based on recent communications with SEC staff.	EN
Police are investigating the circumstances surrounding the death Clifford Chance was appointed by RBS to undertake the review following allegations made by Lawrence Tomlinson, an entrepreneur, who said in a government-commissioned report there was evidence that the bank deliberately put some "good and viable" businesses into default so it could make more profit.	EN
PHOENIX -- Juniors in Arizona schools may be able to graduate next year without passing AIMS under the terms of a deal being negotiated at the Capitol.	EN
Highly specified, highly portable and highly desirable due to their natural colour these highly specified televisions will prove a desirable addition to any room in the house, from living room to bedroom to kitchen.	EN
His criticism was dismissed as carping this week by Saffron Walden's Conservative county councillor Robert Chambers, who denied any suggestion that the cash was a pre-election bribe to voters.	EN
The 22-year-old man was picking up his 56-year-old mother from Gala Bingo in Harpurhey on 12 January when the shooting took place.	EN
A guy who identified himself as "Billy" called WFAN's Joe Benigno and Sid (Sidiot) Rosenberg to say they reported the wrong "turning point" of Wednesday night's Mets loss.	EN
Under such circumstances it stands to reason indeed for the DPRK (North Korea) to equip itself with a nuclear deterrence as a legitimate self-defence means," he said.	EN
He added: "Acre Lane is a busy bus route and we had to quickly redirect them along Clapham High Street, Brixton Road and Stockwell Road.	EN
Mr Trujillo will also leave all but one of his three directorships on the boards of Pepsi, US retailer Target and newspaper group Gannett.	EN
Lighters haven't been allowed in checked bags for some 30 years - a fact that's probably not well known.If you're affected by the new regs, you can thank Richard Reid, the man who tried to light explosives hidden in his shoes back in 2001.	EN
During a debate on racism and immigration Mr Morgan called for the teachers' union conference "to send a message that we are against Islamophobia".	EN
Executives from Comcast, Time Warner, Cox Communications and other leading MSOs have all talked about introducing caller ID, call logging and other on-screen interfaces for phone services sometime in the next year or two.	EN
Actually implementing the plan and making extensive changes in the stormwater and sewer system could cost the city $20 million over the next 20 years.	EN
And they said there are reasonable explanations for wiretapped phone conversations and other evidence offered by prosecutors to link the defendants to the group.	EN
Caribou Ranch is closed until the elk's calving season is over June 30. The land was recently made public and is growing in popularity, open space officials said.	EN
This year’s BIMA awards (known as the BIMAs) has been dramatically changed to better emphasise creative excellence and reflect the current interactive landscape.	EN
As Marie Francois continued to wail, Krauch dove into the murky water of the backyard pool after Francois' 12-year-old son, Jean Gabriel.	EN
The singer, who has performed for royalty on many occasions, said last year she was "incredibly humbled" to be named in the New Year's Honours list.	EN
Boeing is entitled to its view but it is not a matter for Boeing, it is a matter for the U.S. government," European Union Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson told reporters on a visit to the West Bank on Thursday.	EN
But Davis argued that Ebert should have recused himself from investigating the allegations brought to him by people Ebert said in an earlier interview were likely Parrish supporters.	EN
The US textile industry says it has lost more than 16,000 jobs since the start of this year, while the EU says its T-shirt and flax yarn makers are at serious risk.	EN
The defense elicited the testimony in an apparent effort to show that the accuser engaged in sexual activity and drank alcohol without Jackson's involvement.	EN
After delivering a game-winning, 10th-inning single Sunday at Louisville, Dunwoody needs only 27 hits to reach 1,000 for his minor league career.	EN
She and her children could not see the lions at the time as other cars were in front of them, she added.	EN
"They need to be supported and helped, and I don't think as a country, and I don't think that the NHS or indeed we have done enough to support them when they are coming into this country."	EN
I'll grant you the £4.85 minimum wage rising to £5.35 and two million extra jobs are two things that Labour has done."	EN
"It was a situation of - what do you do? Do you get out of the car because you're on fire? And they're telling you to get back in the car, so that was the dilemma."	EN
Last week, the FBI sent a letter to Coats' chief deputy, Dennis Fowler, asking for any police, internal affairs or medical reports on the shooting, according to a copy of the letter.	EN
Fans of the popular BBC show have been forced to wait two years for each series so far, but if the broadcaster has anything to do with it, Sherlock will be back in our living rooms sooner rather than later.	EN
Oil coats surface of each strand of hair or fur. This is because hair is adsorbent, not absorbent like a sponge. Hair used to soak up US oil slick. How big is the gulf oil spill?	EN
Critics also point out that those living in some Home Zones in America are actively campaigning to have road alterations removed as they can no longer park near their houses.	EN
The agreement also calls for cooperation in the fight against terrorism, poverty and corruption, and agrees to promote human rights and democracy.	EN
We've included a few of Chef Peters' favorite recipes so you can take advantage of the optimum flavor (and prices) of this crop.	EN
LAST MEETING: Brian Santo pitched 4.1 innings of no-hit ball as the Mount earned a 9-2 win over Maryland on April 17, 2001.	EN
‘It was really when Sophie, who is now my wife, told me to stop fiddling around and get on with it, that I did.’	EN
“The hardest part was taking the leap to doing something so completely different than I have ever done previously,” said Brideau. She likened it to the move she had made from Canada to the UK.	EN
Gone is the annual "Nutcracker" production, which has anchored every season since the center opened 11 years ago, along with many of the oldies, dance, world music and avant-garde acts that were drawing increasingly smaller audiences.	EN
On March 30, Hord called in the Blount County Sheriff's Office to help deal with threats of racial violence against African-American students at the high school.	EN
SADDLE RIVER - The state Department of Environmental Protection is sampling potable water wells in the borough and Woodcliff Lake after about 15 homes were identified as having elevated levels of perchlorate.	EN
Most rabbits die within six to 24 hours of the onset of a fever, and a clear or bloody foamy discharge is often found around the animal's body openings.	EN
In his first news conference, Moores repeatedly used the word "togetherness", and it was interesting to hear managing director Paul Downton offering a little more insight into why Kevin Pietersen was such an obstacle to that unity.	EN
After two months at Mare Island for repairs, she rejoined the Pacific fleet in February 1944 and saw action in numerous battles that year.	EN
Our grandson's Aptos grade school is one of the best in the county, but it must stage dinners, sell T-shirts and hawk cookies and popcorn after school just to get by.	EN
During the 1970s, The Generation Game was getting over 20 million viewers every single week and my family was one of them.	EN
People convicted of commercial crimes overseas could be banned from running UK firms in a bid to tackle "rogue directors", Vince Cable has said.	EN
Why not start an ISP in a country with enough infrastructure to give you a good backbone, but so little law that the RIAA and it's equivelants cannot sue you?	EN
The body was discovered after an 18-year-old girl - believed to be a friend of the victim who was also involved in the attack - asked for help from a passerby.	EN
A team at the University of Louisville and the University of California have been pioneering electrical stimulation of the spinal cord below the injury.	EN
Norwich suffered a sixth defeat in eight outings, although they can take heart from a battling display. They are two points above the relegation zone with games at Manchester United and Chelsea to come before they play Arsenal at home.	EN
When life knocks you down, and it will, if you can't land on your feet, land on your back because if you can look up, you can get up," said Sears.	EN
And any team still putting out silverware for the post-game buffet should consider itself on notice immediately; switch to plastic utensils, or face a trillion-dollar fine.	EN
“We’re not under the same time pressure to invest and exit and therefore can take better advantage of market conditions.” He also acknowledges the value and power of relationships in sourcing and selecting deals: “Our key criterion in selecting opportunities is not necessarily sector or geography but the capability of the management team to deliver a return on the investment.	EN
And then there was the new song, We're All In Love, which may not have the breakneck wildness of the old ones, but is a sign that the Dolls might not always be a nostalgia act.	EN
Another official was quoted as saying it will take a sustained effort by Newsweek to "mitigate the fallout," and calling on the magazine to take steps to spread the word about its retraction to Muslims worldwide.	EN
Reflecting what is happening in SA - and arguably around the country - the Liberal opposition started the election campaign on the back foot.	EN
South Africa and Team USA tied 5-5 on opening day of Glenlivet International Polo Week, but if Campbell's mallet had been stronger, the outcome could have been different.	EN
Despite the peril, the less-than-stellar pay of about $12 an hour, and the toll the journey takes on his Dodge Dynasty, Rey forges ahead, dropping off hot pies for hungry customers in the Madison Heights area, just like he has for more than a decade.	EN
Among the options under review by state officials are forcing the closure of some patient care units, suspending King/Drew's license or revoking it, which would force the hospital to close.	EN
We have scanned him several times and his pattern of brain activity shows he is clearly choosing to answer our questions.	EN
It featured couples from four families competing in comedic challenges like pot-throwing and morris dancing, and the famed conveyor belt memory game.	EN
Cook is naturally cautious, so you would imagine that Moores will have to be more bullish than he has been before to ensure that England play a positive brand of cricket that moves the game forward.	EN
The American Civil Liberties Union, which has been supportive of Mr Levison, said in a statement: "We believe it's clear that there are limits on the government's power to coerce innocent service providers into its surveillance activities."	EN
City leaders ask Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools every month what they think of proposed subdivisions that would add dozens or hundreds of new students to already overcrowded schools.	EN
They include Sir Peter Bonfield, the former chief executive of BT, and Victor Chu, the executive chairman of the Chinese investment firm First Eastern Investment Group, who emerged last month as a potential partner to Richard Branson in his mooted Northern Rock bid.	EN
From the perspective of a student you might feel you’ve failed and have to pay off debt for a life time.	EN
At the conference the Natchez PTK group also won a silver certificate and a $100 scholarship for recruitment of new members.Troxler, a pre-nursing student, is in her second year at Co-Lin and plans to attend Alcorn State University.	EN
Iran officially seeks Israel's destruction and supports the Palestinian cause, even though Tehran denies Israeli accusations it trains and arms Palestinian militant groups.	EN
Be thankful that the person who got access to the server information was kind enough to let you all know (and at least try and be funny with it) instead of simply sitting on the information."	EN
One of them, a plan to build a European-style mix of retail, commercial and condominium units in a Proctor District parking lot, was pulled from City Council consideration twice in the last two weeks.	EN
It added: "Overseas directors convicted of an offence relating to a commercial matter overseas could be barred from being a director in the UK."	EN
“You knew you had to put in a performance to get anything out of it but once the game gets going you get in to it.	EN
Butterfly Effect was selected as the winners following its idea to celebrate the iconic designs of 1984 – 21 year’s ago.	EN
"We had a lot of broken hearts when kids couldn't make the time, but with more than 6,000 schools competing, there had to be some type of standard," Bauman said.	EN
For a game that relies so much on psychic humor and brainy puns, it's a bit disappointing that the gameplay is light on puzzles.	EN
Stephen Jakobi, of Fair Trials Abroad, said: "Why is this man still in prison when the DNA evidence appears to clear him?	EN
As we stepped off our tender boat, we spotted a man in native-inspired clothing answering cruisers' questions and by the way, he just happened to have a bus tour of Sitka leaving in five minutes.	EN
Finally, the company reported that the software and hardware applications and platforms, which include RHEL support, now number more than 1,800, an increase of more than 80 percent in the past 12 months.	EN
The Sandhills Food Bank serves a four-county region of Moore, Richmond, Lee and Scotland counties, with a population of more than 206,000 people.	EN
The university said it would "continue to maintain its neutral stance in the Scottish independence referendum debate" and its position would be considered by the executive board on Tuesday.	EN
For her, it was a fork in the road – away from writing and towards full-time editing. We were jointly responsible for the weekend sections and the recently launched G2 section as well as the comment pages – with Georgina continuing to edit Media Guardian at the end of the week.	EN
So there's no more priming the engine, and no more balky starts -- just give the starter rope a gentle pull and go.	EN
"We're thankful for that," he added.Fire Chief Ben Blankenship had no estimate on how much the incident will cost the city of Benton.This information likely will be determined this week, Armstrong said.	EN
Investigators said Jackson was with friends in Trotter Park in northwest Houston around 10:30 p.m. when he jumped up and hung on the crossbar of one of the park's two soccer goals.	EN
Wildlife officers, armed with high-powered hunting rifles, were instructed no head shots were permitted as the brain matter is needed to conduct CWD testing, Ealey said.	EN
The woman was hit in the elbow and the man in the wrist. Both were treated in hospital for their injuries.	EN
While there's nothing to stop businesses continuing with the operating system, Mark Brown, director of information security at auditing firm Ernst & Young, warns that doing so leaves them increasingly vulnerable to hacking.	EN
Doyle spokeswoman Melanie Fonder said the governor supports the air regulation changes but is "concerned" about reducing prosecutors' ability to bring lawsuits and protect the public simply because a nuisance doesn't fit neatly into a statute.	EN
"I'm not happy coming here and shooting those scores," he said. "It's a difficult course and it doesn't make it easier when you have three shanks."	EN
The American Trucking Associations, which has 37,000 members, said in a study that demand for drivers is the highest in 20 years.	EN
Asked if she had any plans for other day trips over Easter, she joked: "I don't think anyone would want to come with us."	EN
What has been the subject of debate, however, is which specific substances the playwright was referring to, and whether they would have had the desired effect.	EN
I spoke to Paul recently and he assured me he hadn't applied for the England job, so he has clearly been head-hunted as the man they want to work alongside Moores and take the team forward.	EN
This task, timed at ten minutes, was designed to test productivity under pressure. To control for how well they would have done at the task anyway, subjects were also given a more complex test which tested underlying mathematical ability.	EN
But the biggest test of Hopoate's pugilistic preparations came from a fiery sparring session with Meehan, who lost a controversial points decision to WBO Champion Lamon Brewster in Las Vegas just 12 months ago.	EN
Shares in China's Weibo, a Twitter-like service, rose by almost 20% on their first day of trading on the US stock market, after a lukewarm start.	EN
State investigations into the Newark Police Department and former Sen. John O. Bennett III, R-Shrewsbury, have not resulted in indictments of any public officials.	EN
At the fifth round of voting, neither Dr Ogunjobi nor his Dr Kaberuka, could garner the necessary majority from the Regional and Non-Regional votes to clinch victory.	EN
One in three American adults has high blood pressure and two-thirds to three-fourths of people with diabetes mellitus die of some form of heart or blood vessel disease, according to the American Heart Association.	EN
Rain caused havoc with water quality levels at area beaches this year, the most polluted wet-weather season on record, according to a "report card" released Wednesday by the nonprofit environmental group Heal the Bay.	EN
North Korea remained unchanged "in its stand to stick to the goal for denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula and seek a peaceful negotiated solution to the nuclear issue," the spokesman said.	EN
The hairy booms won't plug leaks on the seabed, but will be floated off beaches to mop up oil washing towards shore.	EN
When working America had finally had enough and politicians with a conscience were in office, the Fair Labor Standards Act was born.	EN
Aldermen adopted a resolution requesting up to $2 million in Illinois Department of Transportation funding to expand street access at the Robert's / SYSCO warehouse development at Fifth Street and Connolley roads.	EN
"A limb that doesn't fit because of pain means a limb that can't be worn. And often that then accompanies an increase in weight which means the socket that the body fits into, no longer fits. And so it's a real catch-22."	EN
Douglas Wood, 64, told Australian television's Network Ten that his kidnappers also killed two of his Iraqi assistants and dumped their bodies at a Baghdad garbage tip.	EN
Algerian Kamel Bourgass, 29, accused of links to Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida terrorist network, was convicted Wednesday of conspiring to use explosives or poisons, including ricin and cyanide.	EN
He also expects that the opening of European offices in London last month will bring more investment opportunities in Europe and the US.	EN
Wright will read Thursday, May 5, at 7:30 p.m. at Acton Town Hall, 472 Main St., as the recipient of the annual Robert Creeley Award.	EN
On the subject of an aging firefighting force, the fire chief said firefighters with enough years of service to retire find they can't afford to do so because of the rising cost of health insurance.	EN
Last year it was: get hired on June 7, go immediately to Chicago (for the pre-draft camp), start interviewing coaches, evaluate Chicago, and try to throw the draft together in a little over two weeks," he told reporters.	EN
Trainor said advantages to the plan are savings, a positive public perception since staff is part time for a part-time facility and the fact there should be no issues involved with changing staff and operations over to the county.	EN
On the data front Tuesday, Japan's overall household spending fell 3.0% in April in real terms from a year earlier, the government said Tuesday.	EN
The notion of business service management, as the top layer of a systems management discipline that enables IT management to be related directly to the business, is becoming a key component of initiatives from HP, IBM and CA.	EN
There could also be an update on the share buy-back programme which was launched in February after the group failed to find suitable acquisition opportunities.	EN
Mr Dickson said more needed to be done to help foreign doctors coming into the UK, and to recognise the difficulties they face with different social and cultural attitudes.	EN
King will be joined by a number of other leading British names as well as reigning World and Olympic champion Marianne Vos.	EN
On Tuesday, a federal bankruptcy judge approved United Airlines' plan to terminate its employees' pension plans, clearing the way for the largest corporate-pension default in American history.	EN
Mitre, in his second stint with the Cubs this season after a recall from the minors May 24, walked one and struck out six during a 105-pitch effort on a humid 86-degree afternoon at Wrigley Field.	EN
Some 33 cases (exist) whereby somebody (was) being detained but (was) subsequently released, having been determined to be lawful," Mr McGauran told ABC radio.	EN
The council said it prevented 115 people from becoming homeless last year and also helped 49 households find housing in the private rented sector by providing rent deposit bonds.	EN
The Home Zones have been found to enhance the beauty of an area and to increase house prices making them particularly popular with families.	EN
Meredith got another chance Monday night, allowing two runs on two walks and two hits in one inning during Boston's 13-5 win against Oakland.	EN
House Transportation Committee Chairman Don Young, R-Alaska, on Thursday expressed confidence that lawmakers could get a bill to the president by mid-June.	EN
Mr Werrett said a witness believed a man aged 30 to 40 and wearing a dark jacket and possibly jeans was sitting on the grass about 32ft (10m) away from the couple.	EN
However, European stocks slipped into negative territory late on after figures showed unexpectedly low business activity in the US Midwest but recovered slightly after US consumer confidence figures beat forecasts.	EN
The company said some of the stores will be inside Foodland or Sack 'N Save stores and others will be freestanding locations.	EN
The Korean nation's cause of reunification is ever-victorious as it holds Kim Jong Il, the peerless patriot and outstanding commander of Songun, in high esteem as the lodestar of reunification and the centre of unity, the article concludes.	EN
Economic Development Council officials will find out tonight whether county leaders will give them the $1.6million they requested to convince a Canada-based company it should bring its jobs here.	EN
She has an incredibly loyal fanbase – a meet-and-greet in Covent Garden, London, last year had to be cut short because the crowds were so huge that organisers were worried people might get hurt.	EN
It also said judges should be required to consider a "wider range of matters" when deciding whether to disqualify someone from being a director.	EN
Bates led off with a double to the left-center-field gap, and Lee Mezistrano hit a sharp single to left to get Bates to third.	EN
The charity's figures suggest this amounts to 370,000 pounds of hair, and 300,000 pounds of fur, a day in the US alone.	EN
However, using a credit card does not incur these fees, and over a whole year it would not be unusual for the savings in transaction fees to exceed the annual fees on the card.	EN
Four people were killed during demonstrations in Jalalabad, when police opened fire to control a crowd angry over reports in US-based magazine Newsweek.	EN
Energy-starved India, which is considering gas imports from the Caspian Sea region through a pipeline that could pass through either Iran or Pakistan, may also take up this proposal during the bilateral talks with Islamabad.	EN
Crystal Collins finds temporary relief from the heat Monday by running through the water jets in the Martin Luther King Park wading pool.	EN
I don't know if Mr Pipe or Mr Johnson will be having runners, but if the rides are there he plans to be back at Newton Abbot on Tuesday," said his agent Chris Broad.	EN
A 32-year-old Dale City woman died early Friday morning when she was thrown from her car after it hit a guard rail on a ramp off Interstate 95, the Virginia State Police said.	EN
Even when he missed fairways, he bombed it far enough that he hit 14 of 18 greens in regulation, and believes if he can do that the next two days, he'll have a good chance of winning.	EN
Evidently, the Hell's Angels wanted to bring their members together in Lowell under the guise of peace, music and fun before local officials realized there were alleged relationships with a shooting that occurred in Lynn in April.	EN
Although states could respond with outright bans, Robert Koch, president of the San Francisco-based Wine Institute, pointed out that wineries in other states are not likely to favor shutting down all shipments.	EN
Alex Scott, born on this day in 1937, was an outside-right of devastating pace, who started his Rangers career in style with a hat-trick against Falkirk in his very first game for the club.	EN
The children, one girl and two boys who are all aged under three, are being cared for by relatives, officers said.	EN
"We are agreed that the way in which each and every person associated with Select votes is a matter for them alone."	EN
Detractors said he was riding on the comet of trend, it wasn't really art, it wasn't going to last, and it was just what was hip at the moment.	EN
It now predicts 2005 revenues to be between $182 million and $188 million as opposed to its previous guidance of $195 million to $206 million.	EN
Mark Mulder and Tim Hudson took the mound in Atlanta, but by the time the first inning ended six runs were scored.	EN
When it comes to grading research papers, Kearney-Lazar said the first sign of plagiarism is that the work doesn't sound like something the student might write.	EN
"I heard you don't really need high octane for this kind of car,'' she said.Score one for the grapevine: Several automakers confirmed that their recommendations regarding premium fuel are just that."	EN
Worcestershire's bowling and fielding was uniformly excellent, diving catches by Cox and Shaaiq Choudhry in Kent's second innings turning the tide inexorably the home side's way.	EN
I haven't slept since yesterday," Constantin told reporters a few minutes after the city's 11th homicide victim of the year was taken off to the morgue.	EN
Mr Hemmerling said he was powerless to change the rules, which could only be done by law through the council's development assessment panel.	EN
China's internet giant Tencent will launch the popular Candy Crush game on the mainland in a partnership with the game's creator.	EN
On Wednesday, US Treasury Secretary John Snow said he expected China to reform the yuan soon, allowing it to fluctuate more freely against the dollar.	EN
Parent Susie Waddell asked how the district could increase Bullis's responsibilities without increasing his compensation.Hunt said the elementary band teachers see 10 to 20 students a day, depending on the day.	EN
Keller also said she wonders what will happen to her son when she and her husband die or become unable to care for him.	EN
The Chinese version of the Candy Crush game will be available by the middle of this year to customers of Tencent's Mobile QQ and Weixin Game Centers.	EN
North Lake Fire Chief Terrence J. Stapleton, 65, has been charged with disorderly conduct as a hate crime and obstructing an officer in the same encounter.	EN
Retail, however, was not Mr Boden’s first choice of career. Educated at Eton and Oxford, he originally worked in the City ‘by accident and because everyone else was doing it’.	EN
"Both sides can be proud of their bowling attacks, accurate throughout, but Kent skipper Rob Key pointed to his side's inability to build a sizeable first-innings lead.	EN
The 37-year-old died in hospital after being found collapsed at a property on Hargreaves Street in Broad Oak, St Helens just after midnight.	EN
Ms Stuttle, 19, from York, was robbed and killed by Ian Previte, 32, in April 2002 when she was pushed off a bridge in Bundaberg, 350km north of Brisbane.	EN
“As a manager, sometimes the hardest thing to do is to bring attention to your subordinates about how their personal behaviour is unknowingly affecting other members of the team,” Jenness said.	EN
After suffering a pair of sweeps (to Pomperaug and Joel Barlow) to open the 2005 season, the Nighthawks traveled to Stratford last Wednesday and ended up embroiled in - and subsequently losing - an epic match with Bunnell.	EN
"Being the game is this weekend and it is a big game, yes, it will be way easier to get a reservation," said Joel Sevilla, general manager for the St. Charles eatery Francesca's By the River.	EN
If only the rest of the world's leaders would put in even half the effort for real peace that the pope did.	EN
The debate on the heavily amended measure (SB 2646) - one of Senate President Tom Lee's top priorities - would require lobbyists to report the dollars they spend wining and dining lawmakers while doing business with the Legislature.	EN
Hollywood takes a stab at the Crusades on Friday with the release of Ridley Scott's blockbuster, "Kingdom of Heaven," starring Orlando Bloom as Balian, a blacksmith who has lost his family and nearly his faith.	EN
He and Joseph are currently trying to get permission to shoot the film on the actual location where he and his friends planted the bear.	EN
When Sir Bruce said the show "may be a bit old hat now", Hart replied "but we need to get back to entertainment, Bruce".	EN
A statement said: "These sessions were delivered by specialist healthcare professionals who, based on contracts signed with GSK, received payments appropriate to the scope of work as well as their level of knowledge and experience.	EN
The debt secured by said deed to secure debt has been and is hereby declared due because of, among other possible events of default, non-payment of the payments on said loan.	EN
Thornton's 27 outs included four via strikeout and 16 others that stayed in the infield, with 12 groundouts, a pair of infield lineouts, a popup and a foulout.	EN
Council members agreed to act next Tuesday on first reading of an ordinance and approval of a contract granting economic incentives to Richard Nestor Trucking Inc. for construction of an 80 by 100-foot building in the Fort Morgan Industrial Park.	EN
GOP Gov. Bill Owens also signed a law that will bar new drivers from carrying minors in their car for the first six months and limit them to one minor passenger for the next six months.	EN
Director of football Arnesen has admitted the club want to keep Keane and the player himself says he wants to stay, but any more public shows of petulance may alter Spurs' thinking.	EN
The larger painting was named "Soul Train," which was both a painting and a carving of a train which had what appeared to be a spirit forming out of the smoke of the locomotive that was hugging the train.	EN
I knew the story had to be told because what happened at 9/11 is a direct result of what the economic hit men are doing.	EN
Already, a £1m scheme has been established in Llwynypia Terrace and surrounding streets in the Rhondda Valley where traffic is reduced to 30mph.	EN
Take part in a medical research study of Ankylosing Spondylitis at the National Institutes of Health, part of the Department of Health and Human Services.	EN
But what happens to tertiary dropouts? This is a question which has only received small attention among academics, which might be because those of us teaching at universities understandably consider ourselves to be thriving because of our good students.	EN
He said he was fired after he complained that a supervisor had changed some data while he was on vacation to make it appear that Adult Literacy had reached a coveted benchmark of 100,000 students, when the actual enrollment was about 99,500.	EN
The jury found that Mr FitzPatrick's behaviour had not been illegal. However it convicted the two other men who were more closely involved in arranging the loans.	EN
Cortice said traditional Labour members would see Blair's plans for education reform as one that is "breaking up" the comprehensive school system, which they view as "one of the party's major social achievements" since World War II.	EN
Georgina was born in the Yemeni port city of Aden, then a British colony, the daughter of Mike and Annette Henry. Her father was a British army officer – he retired a full colonel – and Georgina's early life was an itinerant one, changing country every three years. At 11 she was sent to be educated at Battle Abbey, a small private school in East Sussex, and subsequently at Cranbrook school, Kent.	EN
But it seems there is an irresistible social side to learning. Finding stuff out together seems to be more appealing than following a course alone.	EN
A combination of a slowdown in consumer demand and shrinking growth in the eurozone - the UK's largest export market - meant the prospects for the industrial sector looked bleak.	EN
Donald became only the 10th player in Augusta history to eagle both the 13th and 15th in a stunning back nine, which included a birdie on 16.	EN
A move to deal exclusively in US dollars - which is also being considered by forestry company Tenon - would allow Fonterra to avoid the hedging and transaction costs associated with dealing in two different currencies.	EN
She was awarded the first Charles Causley residency allowing her access to his former residence, his catalogue of work and many of the people who knew him.	EN
At the conclusion of the rescheduled night game, the Indians have added a "Fourth of July Spectacular Celebration," which will include a fireworks display.	EN
He was arrested by agents from the Department of Homeland Security in Niagra County as he was trying to cross into Canada.	EN
A peace deal from talks with the 12,000-member Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), scheduled to start in Malaysia in two weeks, would free up troops and resources to wrest the initiative from the 8,000-member NPA, Cruz said.	EN
Police have appealed for witnesses of the crash on the A1104, which involved two cars and a van, to contact them.	EN
Rader referred to his victims as "projects" and said he often prepared for the slayings by bringing a "hit kit" and wearing "hit clothes" that he would dispose of after the murder.	EN
Citizens Bank, which completed its merger with Charter One Bank in Upstate New York in May, held the promotion in four cities for what it called a celebration of its arrival in the area.	EN
"The older the operating system the greater the security risks," says Mike Foreman, general manager for small business at computer security company AVG.	EN
While fur, horse hair and feathers are also used in the booms, the charity says human hair seems to be most effective as it has less natural oil and so more capacity to catch spilled oil.	EN
"Although employers don't want to be a killjoy, a line should be drawn if an employee is upset by the incident or if it is costing the company time and money."	EN
For further information or to book your place for the 2014 Summit please contact Carlos Dieguez on 01992 374091 or email c.dieguez@forumevents.co.uk	EN
Abad's homer, his second of the year, came after Garrett Jones hit a solo home run in the top of the fourth to give the Red Wings a 2-1 edge.	EN
And especially galling were the vocal attacks on Rasheed Wallace for his lapse, his goof in permitting Horry to go unguarded and fire The Shot, that, in the end, destroyed the Pistons.	EN
"Craig Bellamy's goal was worthy of winning any game and at the end he told me that's the hardest game he has played in since he came up from Newcastle so that's a great credit to our players."	EN
The girls were assaulted some time between 1am and 1.30am on Saturday April 16. All three sustained minor injuries including cuts and bruising to the face and head.	EN
This same process goes on in the arteries throughout the body, and can lead to high blood pressure which puts further strain on the heart.	EN
BELLEFONTAINE, Ohio (AP) _ Six people were found shot to death Sunday morning in neighboring farmhouses, and investigators believe one of the victims was responsible, a sheriff's officer said.	EN
According to the government's recent documents potential power is 150 Mw but the Secretary to the Ministry of Power and Energy said 445 Mw could be generated.	EN
It also said the temporary homes, which are used while permanent accommodation is found, were more comfortable for families, offered them their own kitchens and bathrooms, and provided continuity with schools.	EN
Mr Darby said: "The [trislander] fleet's average age is 37 years and, at £470 per flying hour, their maintenance costs are almost the same as our much larger 72-seat ATR-72 turboprops."	EN
He said it was a tough emotional case with an innocent victim and experts that couldn't guarantee Pierott was actually insane at the time of the killing.	EN
"This is a platform technology and we envisage it could be applicable in many other healthcare sectors such as smart shoe insoles for people with diabetes, or wheelchairs or mattresses - wherever the body rubs."	EN
Congress has authorized the presence of up to 800 U.S. troops as instructors and to aid the Colombians but not to take part in combat.	EN
Prior to his release from Rampton Hospital, staff at the Nottinghamshire trust failed to establish the man's offending history and he was able to create a "more benign" past.	EN
A man who allegedly tried to sell a stolen copy to two tabloid newspapers fired a fake gun next to the head of a reporter who came to meet him, it was reported yesterday.	EN
The standard response is a glass accompanied by a small pot of water and a bag. Milk, if insisted upon, normally arrives hot.	EN
But the politics of education have also become involved, with the council saying it is frustrated that it cannot investigate academies which operate outside of local authority control.	EN
I challenge every reader to get involved not only on June 7, but to make a commitment to ending hunger all year-round.	EN
Mr. Kinsley, who earned a reputation as an iconoclastic editor at Harpers, The New Republic and Slate, seems determined to answer that question by upending the established notion of the newspaper editorial.	EN
Columbus will also be closed today as the Rotary International centennial parade heads south from Columbus and Balbo at 10 a.m. The Puerto Rican Parade follows the same route at 12:15 p.m.	EN
Because Barrett did not pay for those expenses through the trust account, people were defrauded out of thousands of dollars, according to court documents.	EN
If he brings kids back into his bedroom and even into his bed, then yes, there's probably a high likelihood that he will pose a threat or danger to the child," Zonen said.	EN
A 20-unit apartment creates less runoff than 20 single-family homes, he said, yet they were paying similar amounts for the storm sewer system.	EN
When Warners disagreed, on both counts, Prince began appearing in public with the word "Slave" written across his face, and changed his name to an unpronounceable symbol - leading the press to christen him The Artist Formerly Known As Prince.	EN
You can submit your questions early but make sure to be here on Seminoles.com Friday at 1:45 pm for a live chat with Leon.	EN
BP lawyer James Galbraith said there was no ongoing public safety issue and that the judge should allow the federal investigations to continue without media interference.	EN
Rio Tinto gave up 27 cents to $43.37, BHP Billiton lost 16 cents to $16.89 while WMC jumped 16 cents to $8.13.	EN
Edilbek Uzuyev, who headed an official Russian delegation seeking to persuade the refugees to leave, said in a televised interview that more than 300 Chechens were trying to return home, but re-entry documents for only a small group had been completed.	EN
You simply open the top, attach the enclosure's power cable to the drive, lower the drive into the enclosure, slide it back until it locks in place with the enclosure's IDE connector, screw the drive in place from the bottom, and put the top back on.	EN
He teed off at the same time as Leonard off No. 10, but Toms gave back a couple shots on the easier front nine and finished with a 68.	EN
While the business grew, Shekhawat and his partners sensed another market opportunity in providing a platform to help large customers improve their buying of services from their suppliers.	EN
He majored in English at Yale University and worked at Sports Illustrated and the American Heritage Publishing Company before deciding that he wanted to write about an event that took place in his home state, the Johnstown Flood of 1889.	EN
Adam Whiting, Codington K9 Team, said, "What we did is we went down and cleared out areas, we worked downstream, we worked upstream we looked for any possible clue."	EN
Even if he had been a definitive city kid, Travelli had developed a boyhood craving for the wilds and hunting big game.	EN
SAN FRANCISCO - The San Diego Padres are on their way to the best month in franchise history, and their impeccable relievers have been a big reason for it.	EN
The company said a GSK training programme to help improve diagnostic standards and medical training in respiratory disease was run by doctors in Poland from 2010 to 2012.	EN
PENSACOLA, Fla. (AP) -- Sharon Parker grabbed a hammer and joined other mothers and daughters nailing together a pair of houses in hurricane-ravaged Pensacola.	EN
"An oil company sent me a drum of the crude oil/water emulsion and we tried soaking it up with mats of the wool.	EN
Sadie Reid, another restuarant operator, also told the Observer that she lost her stove, refrigerator, pots and pans and several bottles of beverages.	EN
Two companies, P and S construction (Da-Tone Rock) on North Bank Chetco River Road and Wood Construction on Rainbow Rock Road have recently obtained monthly DEQ permits to burn commercial waste.	EN
New figures from the Higher Education Statistics Agency (HESA), revealed that in 2011-12 5.7 % of UK domiciled full-time first degree students dropped out in the first year of their tertiary education.	EN
The Ernemen were being hammered before a Rory Gallagher goal out of the blue saw them trail by a point at the break.	EN
Deputy town mayor Mike Hibbs, who also serves on Liberal Democrat-controlled Uttlesford, said: "I think this is putting us in a very difficult position as a council. I have great difficulty that the leader of the county council can distribute 250,000 on a whim.	EN
Starting from second place on the grid for the 23-lap affair, Vermeulen quickly slotted into second place and battled for much of the second half of the race with Norick Abe, who crashed out with two laps remaining.	EN
The judge directed the jury that, to convict, they must be satisfied that the loans had not been made in the ordinary course of the bank's business, that each of the defendants knew about the scheme and did not take steps to stop it.	EN
Although we are not close to any plate boundaries we experience a slight squeezing as a result of the mid Atlantic ridge and the pressures that are put on the fault.	EN
In order to set up a business you have to be slightly emotional, hysterical and passionate; to run a business you have to be fair, which I’m not always.	EN
His remarks in the televised interview are similar to written statements he gave to investigators — documents released in October, about a month after prosecutors dropped the sexual assault charge against Bryant.	EN
We want this proposal to be the fruit of a national movement and so we have to let the debate mature,"; Gonzi said.	EN
Her major concern was that her rapidly deteriorating vision because of diabetes prevented her completing crosswords, not that she had stage IV heart failure.	EN
Until the latest announcement, China had appeared to be standing firm on the issue, saying it would not cut textile exports.	EN
Why not Indian coaches he asked but added ''it also depends on their availability as former cricketers like Kapil (Dev) and Sunil (Gavaskar) have their own assignments''.	EN
Mr Bo told an audience of international business executives in Beijing: "The integration of the textile trade is a right we have gained since China joined the WTO and China will not impose curbs on its textile products."	EN
Every year the Environment Agency receives more than four million calls from worried members of the public about fly tipping and pollution incidents	EN
The Assad regime is currently in the process of handing over all its chemical weapons as part of a US-Russia brokered deal last year after deadly attacks outside Damascus killed hundreds of people.	EN
After indicating several times a preference for waiting out the appeals before deciding to pay any additional legal bills for election resolution, Councilor Chuck Ring reversed himself and voted with Hoffman for the motion.	EN
“I made sure to get out into the developer community as much as possible: meet ups, events, conferences, job fairs and such,” she said.	EN
DeLuca's play on the lone hit showed great range and Ryan Bull also made a nice play on a foul pop, ranging back and up the hill behind third base.	EN
The Twins overcame a 9-8 deficit by scoring once in the ninth against Mike MacDougal and then won the game on Lew Ford's one-out RBI single in the 10th with the bases loaded against Shawn Camp.	EN
The company has been active in the public equities arena too, acquiring a 2 per cent stake in DaimlerChrysler for $1bn in 1995, and this year taking a substantial stake in HSBC Holdings.	EN
Lenovo saw its profit for the quarter ended Mar. 31 (before the IBM deal was closed) slip by 12% as prices for PCs in China tumbled.	EN
CERN could have built a massive centralised computing centre to analyse this data, but instead it has opted for the distributed grid approach.	EN
And in some cases, cars are deterred from parking as these can be dangerous, not allowing passing motorists to see children walking out from between parked vehicles.	EN
But Novell shares a similar OEM agreement with Dell, and thus competes with Altiris not only in the open market, but head-to-head against Altiris on Dell product configurations, Kinghorn said.	EN
Detectives are also keen to track two possible witnesses; a person walking towards Lloyds Bank, and a man wearing shorts and carrying a rucksack seen walking up the Pollet.	EN
"I hope the actions of hijacking Justine's account help draw attention to how big a deal this is," the hacker wrote on the social network.	EN
So, to do something that is deemed recreation is not something we will be able to put money toward in the near future," Nicholas said.	EN
Edgars Consolidated Stores joined the bunfight in late 2003 with its purchase of the Boardmans furniture and homeware chain from Pick 'n Pay.	EN
It is Nanny who is there when the children return from school, having arrived just after 8 a.m. to look after eight-month-old Daniel.	EN
If you are sleeping, unless it is a sleep study, you are not active in the lab session and warrant a zero.	EN
An entrepreneur to the bone, he believes it is important that business founders are willing to invest their own capital.	EN
Nor will he even have his own office when Admiral's headquarters relocates across Cardiff city centre later this year. He will instead be downgrading himself to just a desk on an open plan floor.	EN
But Liverpool must overcome the toughest of challenges in the return leg in Turin next week if they are to advance to the semi-finals after Fabio Cannavaro presented the Italians with a second-half lifeline.	EN
"We've done all the primary work including collecting the land documents of this area, but as the debris of the collapsed building occupy a big portion of it, it's not possible now to measure the canal," Rahman told The Daily Star yesterday.	EN
As well as retracing Causley's footsteps through Launceston, she had the chance to spend time in his final home, where she said she gained a stronger understanding of the man himself.	EN
We want to have everybody here, but our thing is to focus on the guys who are here," Dungy said after Friday's initial mini-camp workout.	EN
ELMONT, N.Y. - Giacomo's jockey, Mike Smith, said a displaced palate contributed to the demise of the Kentucky Derby winner who was seventh in the Belmont after finishing third in the Preakness.	EN
Figures showed that in the five years to 2012, 669 doctors were struck off or suspended - 420 of those had trained abroad.	EN
Although the figures suggest that people's purchasing power is now improving, it will be several years yet before real wages are back to the level they were before the financial crisis.	EN
However, Banahan's try in the closing stages confirmed the result and earned Bath a potentially vital bonus point as they look to cement a spot in the top four.	EN
So they retreated during the lockout before inviting 11 goalies to Detroit last month to model prototypes during a summit on rules changes.	EN
Quoting recently released Statistics SA figures, Spies said that while the number of formally employed people had increased during the past six months, unemployment among white and coloured men had increased markedly.	EN
As the success of Mike Jones, Paul Wall and Slim Thug's ubiquitous single, "Still Tippin has brought the spotlight to Houston, the city's indigenous sound has begun to creep out of the Southern shadows.	EN
The clubs are run by volunteers, teaching young people how to write code, build websites and make apps. The club's start-up supporters have an almost evangelical enthusiasm for these self-taught, unstructured, unbossy events.	EN
The minimum tax a company would have to pay, however, would be equivalent to one-quarter of 1 percent of a company's gross receipts in Texas.	EN
Tuesday's Champions League game was cut short when Inter fans threw flares onto the field, hitting AC Milan's goalkeeper on the shoulder.	EN
In April 2010, the Deepwater Horizon explosion in the Gulf of Mexico killed 11 people and resulted in 4.9 million barrels of oil being discharged, threatening marine life and hundreds of miles of coastline.	EN
"Two reporters even turned up unannounced and took photos of the college and quizzed students entering and leaving the lodge,"? Henderson told this newspaper.	EN
He said London is planning to put in a firing range for its police officers, but currently most departments just use whatever private shooting range or empty field they can find for target practice.	EN
Evelyn Keyes, a former actress, filed a Superior Court lawsuit last week claiming she loaned Shaw the money when he was in financial straits and needed cash to sue movie studios and recording companies.	EN
So if you want to be a teacher or are thinking about becoming a teacher, then this maybe for you," James said.	EN
With the recent approval of the application by a national panel of reading experts, Gallagher said, she is just starting to look at the applications.	EN
An adviser has been appointed and there will be a review group of MPs, councillors, teachers' organisations, police and faith leaders.	EN
The airline already has several loans guaranteed by the States, including one which has allowed them to purchase a 122-seat Embraer 195 jet for use on the Gatwick route.	EN
Even France finds it hard to wring industrial aid concessions out of the Eurocrats, though it still seems to manage it on occasions.	EN
Acting Assistant Attorney General John C. Richter said prosecutors will take a close look at the decision before deciding whether to retry the case.	EN
Ruth Grace Carson, 90, of Sharon, formerly of Brookfield, Ohio, and Hermitage, died at 3:35 p.m. Wednesday, April 20, 2005, in Sharon Regional Hospital.	EN
Injuries Cornerback Eric Green (hip), running back Marcel Shipp (foot), safety Ernest Shazor (hamstring), and tackles Ian Allen and Leonard Davis did not practice in the morning.	EN
Both UC and the state's other public 4-year system, the 23-campus California State University, have plugged some of the gaps in their state-funded budgets by raising fees and applying for federal funds.	EN
The helpline, which is run by Shropshire Community NHS trust, is a free stop smoking service which says that you are 'four times more likely to quit with our help than if you attempt to stop smoking on your own'.	EN
Secondly, for all you know, this is an important decision for you and your wife, and I understand that you want to ensure that you can continue to contribute, both, so I can understand that.	EN
About 6,700 existing employees in Smyrna and 1,300 in an engine assembly plant at Decherd plus 2,800 supplier contractors will be trained to build the new line.	EN
King said the Board of Trustees has yet to make a decision about what is going to happen in regard to the park.	EN
And, in the all-out dash for growth and the roll-out of services, if that meant poor after-sales care and losing a few customers (in fact, it lost a lot) along the way, then so be it.	EN
The Bisons increased the lead to 7-2 in the third after a solo homer to left by Mitchell and an RBI groundout to short by Preston Embrey.	EN
The Coursera learning hubs are running in more than 30 cities, from Baghdad to Buenos Aires, Moscow to Mumbai and Shanghai to Santiago.	EN
The Internet Marketing Summit 2014, being held on the 8th May at the brand new Hilton London Wembley, is a key event for Marketing, Media, Advertising & Publishing professionals to source, sell, network and understand the trends that will determine the future of the online marketing industry. The event sees over 65 delegates and 30 suppliers visiting and exhibiting, culminating in arranged meetings over the course of an intense 24 hours.	EN
The paper feels that if the top government officials attempt to arrive at the functions early, it would push ordinary people to be there earlier.	EN
I think there's a lot of concern out there that where there's smoke there's fire as far as these hedge fund rumors, and what does it mean for the rest of the market and is there another shoe to drop type of thing," added Suskind.	EN
But Cardinal George is saying to stay with him now, stay with him in his suffering and accompany him on his journey to the next life," Keenan said.	EN
Glandt also mentioned notable projects undertaken by members of the class, such as a television screen that can project two shows at once to viewers wearing different glasses.	EN
He said this case was one of three in which the Lincolnshire police placed covert listening devices in the exercise yard of the police station.	EN
The force is also appealing for witnesses to the earlier fatal collision near Forest, involving two Suzuki motorcycles and a maroon Fiat Scudo van, to contact them on 101.	EN
One big reason for this is the success of English as an international language of science, scholarship, business, and many other fields. If we think about words coming into English from foreign languages in the 18th and 19th Centuries, we may think first of the impact of colonialism and expanding trade.	EN
With advances in satellite communications and voice-over-the internet technology, they are able to take calls from customers in the same way as any other firm.	EN
Watching the unfolding disaster on television, Alabama hair stylist Phil McCory noticed how hard it was for volunteers to clean oil from otters' fur, and thought to himself: "If animal fur can trap and hold spilled oil, why can't human hair?"	EN
“It’s not the kind of show that turns up all the time, it's just not. But the good news is, that probably means it will turn up sporadically for a very, very long while."	EN
A long-range shot came off the legs of Ron Vlaar and fell invitingly into the path of Cameroon striker Roudolphe Douala who scored with a low drive.	EN
Still, some of the supervisors said the board waited too long to lock in a fixed rate on some or part of the loan.	EN
Despite his apprehension, Hegeler displays a stack of brochures about the art fair on his counter, tucked among smaller paintings by local artists.	EN
Helen Clements and her two children were about 100 yards away from the lions when the vehicle overheated and started to smoke.	EN
Her work across the university spans from student representative on the university's school education board, is president of the Education Society and helps with enrolments during O-Week celebrations in March.	EN
If the Southampton University work is successful the sensors may also be used for others at risk, such as wheelchair-users and those confined to bed.	EN
If not, then we think software is really in for a tough time this quarter," added Auty, who has a neutral rating on the stock.	EN
The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which investigated Mr Seilhan, says the Texan was then a crisis manager in BP's incident command centre in Houma, Louisiana, and coordinated the initial cleanup operations.	EN
Oxegen, which has previously been staged at Punchestown in the Republic of Ireland, was due to take place at the County Kildare venue in August.	EN
One box car was set on fire with hope that it would burn down a bridge.Before the Texas could catch up, the 87-mile chase ended when the General ran out of fuel.	EN
"In losing, Kent inadvertently equalled a first-class record - with 12 of their batsmen dismissed lbw across two innings, another indication of mole-threateningly low bounce on the New Road pitch."	EN
In fact, three of the hijackers who seized control of commercial airlines on September 11, 2001, including the ringleader, Mohamed Atta, purportedly had ties to a Hamburg, Germany-based al Qaeda cell.	EN
Asked whether his fledgling company could be a backer for a possible bid by Sir Richard Branson for the Northern Rock bank, he smiles and says: “You know the answer to that.	EN
- 57,5 miliona maloljetnih djevojčica prisilno stupi u brak širom svijeta, dok čak 40 odsto od tog broja čine maloljetne Indijke.	bs
- Nakon ovih kalkulacija, ubrzo je postalo jasno da izuzetno velike zvijezde nisu nikakva misterija – kaže Sambaran.	bs
U okviru programa Modul Memorije Internacionalnog teatarskog festivala MESS danas u 20 sati na sceni Sarajevskog ratnog teatra – SARTR bit će izvedena predstava DAH teatra „Prelazeći liniju“, u režiji Dijane Milošević.	bs
Sagrađen je po istom principu kao i slični "gradovi duhova" u Kini.	bs
Kontroverzni biznismen Naser Kelmendi, koji se početkom juna ove godine našao na crnoj listi Sjedinjenih Američkih Država, poslednjih dana boravi u Crnoj Gori, piše podgorički dnevnik Dan.	bs
Internet zvijezda Ekrem Jevrić večereas je dobio najmanje glasova publike i samim tim je,	bs
Dodao je kako se priča o rekonstrukciji federalne vlade trebala davno okončati, te da HDZ BiH u predizborno vrijeme neće trošiti dodatno vrijeme i energiju na to pitanje.	bs
Britanski princ Charles i supruga Camilla, princ Philippe i princeza Mathilde iz Belgije kao i prinčevski parovi iz Španjolske, Jordana i Japana među uzvanicima su svečanosti.	bs
Do kraja utakmice United je ublažio katastrofu, a golčinu iz slobodnjaka postigao je Rooney.	bs
Sektor za carine Uprave za indirektno oporezivanje čini carinsku službu Bosne i Hercegovine. Službenici ovoga Sektora obavljaju uvozne i izvozne procedure na 40 putnih graničnih prijelaza, 30 carinskih ispostava, 4 granična prijelaza na aerodromima, 3 poštanska granična prijelaza i 8 željezničkih, te vrše carinske procedure u 4 slobodne zone.	bs
Na mjesto događaja je upućena patrola, kao i hitna pomoć.	bs
U trenutku eksplozije, koja se dogodila na 800 metara dubine, u rudniku je bilo oko 250 ljudi, ali se većina uspjela izvući sama ili uz pomoć spasilačkih ekipa, rekli su dužnosnici.	bs
Naučnici se već gotovo 100 godina pitaju je li tokom trudnoće moguć prenos tumorskih stanica sa majke na nerođeno dijete. Kako bi razriješili tu zagonetku, britanski i japanski istraživači pod vodstvom Mela Greavesa i Shuki Mizutanija fokusirali su se na slučaj jedne 28-godišnje japanske žene koja je u trudnoći saznala da boluje od leukemije.	bs
Vlada FBiH je odobrila sredstva iz tekuće budžetske rezerve koja se koriste za nepredviđene izdatke, navodeći u odluci da je novac dodijeljen „za potrebe A reprezentacije BiH koja putuje na kvalifikacionu utakmicu za učešće na Svjetskom prvenstvu u Južnoafričkoj Republici 2010“.	bs
Povratak u reggae vode, uz kratke speed metal dionice, uslijedio je u pjesmi Bajrina krvava sevdalinka. Pričom o zabranjenoj ljubavi u pjesmi Pitala si nastavlja se album Kuljavi. «Bezbrižno djetinjstvo vraća mi se, u liku malog iz mahale, krošnja na glavi rodila, bala iz nosa do usta...», uvodni stihovi su pjesme Sive lobanje silo, dok band uz ska ritam priča glazbenu priču o izgubljenom djetinjstvu.	bs
Do nesreće je došlo u vrijeme kada se policijsko vozilo kretalo iz pravca Sarajeva prema Brodu, prateći autobus s navijačima FK Maribor, koji su zbog izgreda u Sarajevu vraćeni kući, sudarilo s teretnim vozilom koje se kretalo iz suprotnog pravca, saopćeno je jutros iz CJB Doboj.	bs
Bosanska medijska grupa Tuzla dobila je 400 KM kao potporu organizaciji Festivala omladinskog stvaralaštva 2011. - ljepota različitosti.	bs
Trener Zete Rade Vešović rekao je da je zadovoljan:	bs
Ogromni dijamantni prsten koji je dobila od bivšeg zaručnika Krisa Humphriesa je kupio neko nepoznat, a aukcija nazvana "Bright and Beautiful" započela je s 200.000 dolara, piše Rtl.	bs
Tajna svih tih stvari leži u organima o kojima nas nisu učili, a postoje u nama i vrlo dobro funkcionišu! Koji su to tačno i što nam rade, pogledajte u fotogaleriji!	bs
U Patrijaršiji SPC napominju da je presudno da li je "kandidat" za života bio istinski vjernik ili je postradao za vjeru i narod. Potrebno je i da u narodu postoji kult hrišćanskog vjerovanja u predloženu ličnost, ali i da se na njegovom počivalištu ispunjavaju molitve vjernika.	bs
Menadžer akademskih aktivnosti Emina Ganić istakla je visoke akademske standarde koje SSST slijedi u saradnji sa Univerzitetom u Buckinghamu (Velika Britanija) i upoznala je prisutne sa SSST-ovim sistemom finansiranja i stipendiranja nadarenih studenata. „Ove godine SSST dodjeljuje 50 stipendija za najuspješnije kandidate koji polože prijemni ispit na SSST-u“, naglasila je Ganićeva.	bs
I cijelo korisničko okruženje je osvježeno, a dodata je i funkcija Turbo koja omogućava automatsko sažimanje sadržaja stranica kako bi se smanjila količina prenesenih podataka. U Operi tvrde kako je u odnosu na verziju 9.7 verzija 10 dvostruko brža u određenim funkcijama, poput uvećavanja i smanjivanja dijelova stranice.	bs
Osmanlije su, veli, u više navrata opsjedale Vranduk. No, osvojio ga je 1463. godine Sultan Mehmed-han II Fatih kada je Bosna definitivno postala dio Osmanske imperije.	bs
Dopalo im se i iskra je planula. Ali se ugasila čim je snimljena posljednja klapa.	bs
"Glavna poruka današnjeg dana je poruka da zajedništvom možemo ostvariti i one ciljeve koji izgledaju teško dostižnima. Neka oblak ekonomske krize ne zamrači našu viziju i optimizam. Kriza je izazov, poziv da sutra bude bolje no što je danas", kazao je Josipović.	bs
Izabrani kandidati će proći petodnevnu obuku, nakon koje će ispunjavati test na osnovu kojeg će biti birani općinski instruktori i popisivači, te njihove rezerve.	bs
Iako je vjerojatnost da će do sudara doći vrlo mala, samo 0,3 posto, to je ipak 50 posto veći rizik od sudara s bilo kojim drugim asteroidom.	bs
»U ono sam se vrijeme doista trošio, izgled je autentičan«, kazao je Iggy Pop u ekskluzivnom intervjuu za list The Independent uoči izlaska limitirane edicije Rockovih umjetničkih fotografija Iggyja u svoj njegovoj scenskoj pompoznosti u povodu obilježavanja 40. obljetnice albuma »Raw Power«.	bs
Medunjanin je zbog incidenta koji se dogodio nakon utakmice protiv Hapoel Haife, kažnjen i sa 15.000 dolara.	bs
„Darko Trifunović je samo instrument i podržavaju ga lobiji i neke službe. To su profili ljudi koji rade za svakoga ko im plati ili im učini neku drugu vrstu usluge”, rekao je Nicović za „Glas Srpske”, dodajući da je planiranje podnošenja prijave protiv Dodika osmišljeno u Sarajevu i potpomognuto turskim lobijem.	bs
Uzbudljiva poslovna događanja neće vas ostaviti kratkih rukava. Ukoliko se malo više potrudite, pružit će vam se prilika na koju dugo čekate. Ostanite na poslu i nakon radnog vremena, pokažite da se dobro nosite sa stresnim situacijama i uskočite u pomoć manje snalažljivim kolegama. Vaš trud će biti vrednovan.	bs
Jedan iz skupine bosanskohercegovačkih Hrvata optuženih pred Haaškim sudom – čiji je identitet podigao je kaznenu prijavu protiv Ljube Ćesića Rojsa jer njegova obitelj nije dobila novčanu pomoć koju im je uputio poduzetnik Jako Andaba, piše danas riječki Novi list.	bs
Pjevačica hitova "Back to Black", "Rehab", "Tears dry on their own" preminula je u julu 2011. od trovanja alkoholom. (B92)	bs
Kontaktirali su ga, a on je na preliminarnom razgovoru pokazao interes za učestvovanje u showu. Trebaju se još samo dogovoriti o njegovom honoraru, a i njegova supruga Igbala nije sigurna može li duže vrijeme biti odsutna sa posla.	bs
3. načela opreznosti za bilance koje sadrže načelo završnice i načelo nejednakosti	bs
Roditelji i djeca tokom hladnih dana kada se ne može na polje, imaju priliku, koja je danas veoma rijetka, da se potpuno posvete jedni drugima. Pravite zajedno kolače ili palačinke, izgradite zamak od jastuka na sred dnevne sobe, gledajte zajedno crtiće, učite zajedno, crtajte, igrajte se, čitajte. Napolju je hladno- vrijeme je da napravite tople uspomene.	bs
Postoje studije o farmakološkom djelovanju na maligne tumore gdje je život miševa koji su imali tumor produžen za više od 110%.	bs
Samo dva muškarca na kraju su helikopterom prebačena na bezbjedno krajem novembra, a na mjestu gdje su kampovali pronađeni su ostaci ljudskog tijela. Istražioci su pokrenuli istragu o ubistvu, a posumnjalo se i na kanibalizam.	bs
Njegova "Oh Sweet Lorraine" bila je originalna posveta supruzi s kojom je proveo 73 godine u braku, piše BuzzFeed.	bs
Ujedno je to bila i jedina pobjeda u današnjim susretima, jer su sva tri ostala meča završila bez pobjednika.	bs
Ipak, mnogo glasniji su oni koji tvrde da je ovo Samsungova slatka osveta za sve što na sudu Apple radi protiv korejske kompanije. Istina je “negdje tamo”, kao i u mnogim slučajevima u koje su upletene te dvije kompanije.	bs
Dok se na Koševu odvijala nesvakidašnja situacija, u Titovoj 38b se održavala vanredna sjednica Upravnog odbora.	bs
Fotografija zavejane i zaleđene WC šolje u jednom vozu u Poljskoj postala je veliki hit na internetu.	bs
Kombinacija vježbi tijela sa dijetom za vas je idealna, ali i jedina moguća opcija, ako želite da se dovedete u formu. Uz to ne zaboravite da unosite velike količine vode. Najbolje vam odgovaraju sportovi i aktivnosti koje nisu same sebi svrha. Zabravite teretanu. Bolje bi bilo da organizujete vikend planinarenje, krenite na izlet sa biciklom ili pođite negdje na trčanje.	bs
U Art Kući Sevdaha nastupiće: Avdo Lemeš, Ćamil Metiljević, Šukrija Trako, prof. Beridan, Vesna Hadžić, Andrija Stevanić i Sejo Pitić.	bs
Manjak seksa može biti i znak neriješenih problema u vezi. Dobra vijest je da bi partner mogao biti spremniji na saradnju i rješavanje problema kad bi bio svjestan da to vodi do boljeg seksa, na obostrano zadovoljstvo.	bs
Babić ne samo da je postala prva načelnica Visokog u njegovoj historiji, već i prva načelnica u Evropi koja nosi hidžab.	bs
Zasad nije utvrđeno koju bi cijenu meso postiglo u Hrvatskoj, no sasvim sigurno se radi o većoj materijalnoj vrijednosti.	bs
Osnovu čini salata od krastavaca koja se može konzumirati u neograničenim količinima svaki put kada se osjeti glad. Salata je bogata nutritivima i ne morate brinuti da će vam nešto manjkati u toku desetodnevnog režima.	bs
Ankete pokazuju da će velika većina birača svoju odluku za koga glasati donijeti u zadnji čas i to zbog ekonomije!	bs
On procjenjuje da je šteta od štrajka sada narasla na više od 1,5 miliona KM na ugovorenim poslovima, što će, kako tvrdi, neko morati platiti.	bs
List podsjeća da su na političkom nivou usvojeni zakoni, na primjer onaj o transparetnijem finansiranju stranaka.	bs
Takmicenje u ovoj sezoni 2013 napravljeno na principu turnira, gdje se svaki vikend odigraju 2. Kola, u cilju smanjenja troskova klubova. Nadamo se da ce iduca sezona biti puno uspjesnija sa vecim brojem klubova u cilju razvoja rukometa.	bs
Ključna prednost Kongresa Bošnjaka svijeta, na čijem čelu se nalazi Mustafa Hajrić, biznismen iz Njemačke, jeste njegova službena registracija u Sarajevu koja ga stavlja u poziciju originalnosti, a Cerićev kongres u poziciju kopije. Upućeni u prilike kažu da će Ceriću zapravo biti jako teško registrovati istu organizaciju s istim programom.	bs
Srpska teniserka će u osmini finala igrati protiv četvrtog nosioca, Agnješke Radvanske iz Poljske.	bs
Slobodne, a ponekad i zauzete žene obožavaju muškarce koji su prihvatili odgovornost. Naime, rijetko koja žena će odoljeti tati koji gura kolica. U svakom slučaju, ako i ne razmijeni koju riječ sa vama, sigurno će vas odmjeriti i nabaciti osmijeh vama i bebi. U svakom slučaju, novopečeni tata pravi je mamac za žene, a pažnju koju će dobiti pravi je melem za neispavanost i umor.	bs
Govoreći o politici Srpske tokom protekle godine, Dodik je rekao da je ona stekla jasan politički identitet u međunarodnim odnosima za razliku od 2006. kada je bila na marginama političkih odnosa.	bs
BiH je u okviru projekta nominirala najveći broj nekropola stećaka - njih 22, jer se na njenom tlu i nalazi najveći broj od oko 60.000 ovih srednjovjekovnih kamenih nadgrobnih spomenika.	bs
Šta tačno znači ovaj poražavajući broj? Čini li ta silazna dinamika novi normativni standard?	bs
Političkim partijama odobrena je predizborna propaganda na različitim jezicima i dijalektima, što ranije nije bio slučaj. Novim paketom reformi odobrena je kandidatura na izborima svim građanima sa pravom glasa.	bs
Sada već bivše članstvo BPS najviše zamjerki ima na način rada Mirsada Selimovića, skupštinskog zastupnika i predsjednika Kantonalnog (Regionalnog) odbora BPS-a.	bs
Prema posljednjim podacima, nijedan kandidat nije osigurao ubjedljivu podršku u najznačajnijim državama koje bi mogle biti presudne za konačne rezultate izbora. Stoga sve ankete jasno pokazuju da će izbori biti vrlo neizvjesni do samoga kraja.	bs
8. Sudan - građani mogu da posjete 38 zemalja bez vize	bs
Predsjednik Srbije Tomislav Nikolić dozvolit će otvaranje trezora u Narodnoj banci Srbije (NBS) u kojima je nekadašnje Predsjedništvo SFRJ pohranilo dragocjenosti koje su ostale poslije smrti Josipa Broza Tita, pišu begradske Novosti.	bs
U izvještaju se ističe da je jedan od ključnih prioriteta sa kojim se suočava BiH nastavak procesa privatizacije i napredak u reformama koje imaju za cilj poboljšanje investicijske i poslovne klime u zemlji.	bs
"Kroz jačanje svijesti ljudi o otpadu možemo učiniti pomake u vezi s ovim važnim pitanjem u BiH, ali i promovirati aktivnosti kroz svakodnevni život o tome gdje odbacujemo smeće", istaknuo je on.	bs
Ova relativno nova pojava, predstavlja šansu za zemlje u razvoju i tranzicijske zemlje, za jaču i bržu integraciju u okviru globalnih ekonomskih tokova.	bs
Marijana je iz Hrvatske a Nemeš iz Srbije.	bs
Na Roza Hutoru, u planinama koje okružuju Soči, održat će se većina natjecanja na ZOI-ju, dok će se alpske discipline voziti na obližnjoj Krasnajoj poljani, gdje uvijek ima dosta snijega, ali i postoji velika opasnost od lavina.	bs
To naravno znači, ne samo zanemarivanje herojstva američkog vojnika koji će bezuslovno ići da brani svoju “otadžbinu”, već i izbjegavanje odgovora o samoj krivnji koja ne može biti uvijek podijeljena na žrtvu i zločinca.	bs
Počeci visokoškloskog obrazovanja u Sarajevu datiraju još iz 1531. godine, kaga je Gazi Husrev-beg utemeljio Hanikah, visoku školu sufijske filozofije.	bs
Kuk je rekao da je Apple do sada prodao 400 miliona iOS uređaja.	bs
Upotreba mobitela dramatično je porasla od sredine osamdesetih kad su se pojavili. Vjeruje se da ih je širom svijeta u upotrebi oko pet milijarda. Neke su studije povezale izloženost mobitelu sa povećanom opasnošću od raka mozga, ali velika studija Svjetske zdravstvene organizacije (WHO) nije dala konačnu ocjenu.	bs
Aktuelni Note 2 ima ekran s dijagonalom 14 centimetara, a nasljednik bi trebao u otprilike istom kućištu biti malo veći. Note 2 je s približno 15 centimetara dužine i osam širine jednako velik ( i centimetar tanji) kao Streak.	bs
"Ubistvo je izvršeno najvjerovatnije pištoljem", rekao je Simić i naglasio da se uzimaju tragovi, a bit će izvršena i potrebna vještačenja.	bs
za to nije imao dovoljno hrabrosti. Neke od nevjerovatnih, modernih žena koje su popunjavale ovaj upitnik bile su hrabrije i evo njihovih odgovora na ovo filozofsko pitanje.	bs
Krompir je vrlo popularan. Nažalost, većina ljudi ga najčešće jede u najgorem mogućem obliku – kao pomfrit ili čips, koji su puni za krvne žile vrlo nezgodnih trans masnih kiselina i obično preslani.	bs
nekoliko zemalja: Francuska, Velika Britanija, Irska, Danska, Letonija i Malta - zbog "operativnih troškova".	bs
Paul tvrdi da će se Bowie vratiti na scenu samo ako bude u mogućnosti da publici ponuditi nešto stvarno veliko.	bs
Do premijere dugoočekivanog nastavka „Mamurluk 3“ ostalo je još nešto više od mjesec dana, a do tada, tačnije 23. maja, morat ćemo se zadovoljiti s još jednim, tek objavljenim trailerom.	bs
Nakon primitka prijave oštećene osobe, kažu u DORH-u, provedeno je policijsko kriminalističko istraživanje i dokazne radnje, posebno vještačenja elektronske komunikacije.	bs
Ipak, za zločine koje ste pomenuli niko nije odgovarao. Da li je to poruka da se oni nisu ni dogodili?	bs
U Srbiji je došlo do blagog pojeftinjenja cijena nafte, pa tako euro premijum BMB 95 košta 1,29 eura i dizela 1,31. Cijena goriva u Srbiji se svakih 15 dana usklađuje sa cijenama na svjetskom tržištu.	bs
Neki bi tu već odustali od svog sna.	bs
Paris Hilton gostovala je u radijskoj emisiji te nakon što je intervju završio, rekla je:	bs
Akcija, koja još traje, provodi se u saradnji sa Tužilaštvom za organizirani kriminal i upravom Carina.	bs
Pobjednik EHF Lige prvaka 2001. sa Portland San Antoniom, bronza na OI 1992. Dva zlata (1995/2001), jedno srebro 1993. i tri bronzane medalje (1997/2003/2005) na svjetskim prvenstvima sa Francuskom. Najbolji igrač na svijetu 1995. godine.	bs
Ove se dvije pričice nigdje ne dodiruju, žive svoje paralelne živote, a pogotovo se ne prepliću, zar ne? Ili možda i nije tako.	bs
Prema američkoj prognozi, prva bez ljudi u regionu ostaje Podgorica 2048. godine, sljedeće godine na redu je Skoplje, potom Sarajevo i Ljubljana 2051. godine, zatim Zagreb 2053. godine, dok će najduže preživjeti Beograd, sve do 2054. godine.	bs
U Srebrenici već godinama nije prijavljen nečiji nestanak ili samoubistvo da bi se moglo posumnjati kome kost pripada.	bs
U medijima se pojavilo i mišljenje jednog psihijatra, koji tvrdi da se Đoković posvetio tenisu usljed želje za dominacijom", stoji između ostalog u tekstu.	bs
4. POŽELJNO JE PREZNOJAVANJE, ALI U TERETANI	bs
"Knjiga je bila u skladu s tamom nepredvidivog vremena (o kome je govorila), i nisam želio da se film završi na taj način. Želio sam da kraj bude vrsta početka, takav da nagovještava početak novog dana", rekao je Ruždi u nedavnom intervjuu u Njujorku, u kome trenutno živi.	bs
Soderbergh se zainteresovao za projekat nakon što je Warner Bros stopirao film 'The Man From U.N.C.L.E.'.	bs
Patenti su ključna sredstva u jačanju sposobnosti jednog poduzeća da izvuče maksimalnu korist iz novih i inovativnih ideja i tehnoloških mogućnosti. Upravljanje resursima znanja, posebno novim idejama i konceptima, osnova je sposobnosti svakog poduzeća da se promijeni, prilagodi i iskoristi nove prilike dok se natječe u dinamičnom poslovnom okružju.	bs
kako vlada i poslovni sektor mogu zajedničkim radom doprinijeti privrednom rastu. Ovakvu vrstu partnerstva	bs
ŠKODA, osim toga, intenzivno ulaže u segment stručnog usavršavanja svojih saradnika: u posljednjih 12 mjeseci održano je čak 3.600 stručnih školovanja, u kojim je sudjelovalo 80.000 polaznika. Uzorna socijalna politika ŠKODE značajno pridonosi visokom stepenu zadovoljstva njenih saradnika. „Socijalna politika kompanije ŠKODA uveliko nadilazi okvire relevantnih zakonskih zahtjeva“, naglašava Bohdan Wojnar.	bs
Pomiješajte dvije kašičice meda i jednu šolju tople vode, pa ostavite da se masa sjedini dok se voda hladi. Dodajte nekoliko kapi esencijalnog ulja lavande i sipajte u vodu koju ste pripremili za kupku.	bs
Upravo je u tim starosnim dobima učestala pojava strija, a najčešće je uzrokovana naglim rastom. Međutim, oni su još u razvoju, pa njihove strije izblijede brže nego kod odraslih.	bs
Kultni njemački reper Azad, večeras- 28. oktobra nastupit će u sarajevskom klubu "Cinemas" (ex Sloga).	bs
Osim praktičnih savjeta kako dati ime i prezime te jedinstveni matični broj, Ured je dao i precizne naputke kako se izjasniti:	bs
"Ne viđamo se na nastupima, ne srećemo se, ali nikada jedno u drugom nećemo imati neprijatelja. Znam i garantujem i za sebe i za nju da ćemo uvijek navijati jedno za drugo. Nismo ljuti jedno na drugo i govorimo", rekao je pjevač u radio emisiji Jutro sa Duletom i Marijom.	bs
Taj njegov smijeh, i mogućnost smrti, bili su jedno od drugog udaljeni svemirskim, kosmičkim daljinama.	bs
Predsjednik Sirijskog centra za političke i strateške odnose Ridvan Ziadeh istakao je da su u napadima hemijskim oružjem 21. avgusta ubijene kompletne tri porodice.	bs
Put Hercegovine je danas krenuo i direktor tima sa Grbavice, Dželaludin Muhremović, kojem smo upitali o novostima iz tabora plavih. Zanimalo nas je u kojoj će opremi naš šampion nastupiti naredne sezone.	bs
Međutim, vremenske prilike su ih u tome spriječile, pa su doputovali luksuznim automobilima.	bs
Samo za nabavku prehrane, četvoročanoj porodici u RS-u u septembru je bilo potrebno 683,21 KM, za troškove stanovanja i komunalnih usluga 509,98, za tekuće održavanje domaćinstva 103,26, zatim za nabavku odjeće i obuće 143,60, za prijevoz 199,63, za obrazovanje i kulturu 80 te higijenu i njegu zdravlja 75 maraka, podaci su Saveza sindikata RS-a.	bs
Kada se tope veće površine leda sunčevim zrakama je izloženo više mora, tj. veća tamna površina, pa more onda upija mnogo više sunčeve energije nego što je to bio slučaj kad je svijetla površina leda bila veća. Time raste temperatura i mora i zraka, zbog čega se preostali led topi još brže.	bs
List piše da je i njeno ime militantna grupa al-Šabab objavila na Twitteru, zajedno s imenima još osmoro zapadnjaka za koje tvrdi da sudjeluju u napadu u Nairobiju.	bs
6. J. Button (McLaren) 6,900.000 €	bs
Konzervativci su započeli su borbu oko budžeta prije 16 dana, dovodeći vladu do prve blokade u posljednjih 17 godina zahtjevom da Obama odustane od prijedloga reforme zdravstvenog osiguranja.	bs
Hasić kaže da postoje mnoge anomalije u vezi sa visokim primanjima u javnom sektoru.	bs
Naučnici vjeruju da su im tokom skoro 2.500 kilometara dugog puta kao hrana mogli služiti tuljani, pingvini i ptice koji su tada živjeli u tom ledenom području.	bs
Iranska novinska agencija "Fars" javila je da Razegi tvrdi da mašina upotrebom algoritama iznosi štampane detalje o životu svakog pojedinaca u periodu između pet i osam narednih godina.	bs
Stadion "Skonto" u glavnom gradu Latvije, na kojem će biti odigrana ova utakmica, ima kapacitet od oko 8.000 mjesta.	bs
Osamnaestogodišnji mladić je pretučen sinoć oko 22:00 sata, a iz policije su naveli da je zadobio lakše tjelesne povrede, prenosi Srna.	bs
2. Računovođe i revizori – od 2010. godine, porast potražnje je 3%, a prosječna plata iznosi $61.690 na godišnjem nivou.	bs
Subotić je optužio bivšeg predsjednika Srbije i Demokratske stranke (DS) Borisa Tadića i bivšeg ministra unutrašnjih poslova Srbije Dušana Mihajlovića da su tražili i uzimali novac od njega.	bs
Husein Ahmetagić vratio se večeras u Sarajevo, a u izjavi za agenciju Anadolija kazao je kako ne može riječima iskazati sve što je doživio tokom boravka u Meki i obavljanja hadža.	bs
Nagradu žirija dobio je film „Žena policijskog časnika“ (Die Frau des Polizisten) Philipa Gröninga.	bs
Za manje od 1.000 glasova ispred Džeke se nalazi još jedan Iranac Seyed Mehdi Rahmati, koji je sakupio 31.551 glas, a četvrti je Afrikanac Mohamed Aboutreika, koji nastupa za egipatski Al-Ahly, sa 34.043 glasa.	bs
Stoga pokušajte što ćešće biti u društvu drugih ljudi, širite poznanstva i skupljajte kontakte ljudi. Nikada ne znate gdje i od koga ćete čuti informaciju koja bi vam mogla pomoći da dobijete posao. I jedna naizgled obična kava može pomoći da u bliskoj budućnosti više ne budete nezaposleni.	bs
Suljagić je i juče snimljen sa suprugom u Sarajevu, a sve nakon što je sarajevski magazin "Slobodna Bosna" u četvrtak ubjavila tekst u kojem se navodi da je ministar pretukao suprugu pred kraj 2011. godine, te da o tome postoje zabilješke u policiji.	bs
Javlja se takozvana presbiopija, otežan vid na blizinu ili staračka dalekovidost, jer zbog poremećaja fleksibilnosti sočiva oko gubi sposobnost fokusiranja bliskih predmeta. Tada počinjemo da odmičemo novine i knjige i to je trenutak kada mnogi dobiju svoje prve naočare za čitanje.	bs
Fudbalske zvijezde stranih zemalja nisu im uvijek izbor za imena djece. Jedan od mališana u ovom romskom naselju uskoro bi mogao ponijeti ime Džeko, po bosanskohercegovačkom reprezentativcu Edinu Džeki.	bs
NN: Da li ste već razmišljali o pjesmi i načinu na koji ćete se predstaviti u Kopenhagenu naredne godine?	bs
"Te vojne vježbe pokazuju da je trostrana vojna alijansa SAD-Japan-Južna Koreja prerasla u nuklearnu vojnu alijansu i da je postala operativna", navedeno je u saopštenju sjevernokorejskog Komiteta za mirno ujedinjenje Koreje.	bs
Kako saznaje Fena u "Privrednoj štampi", pokrovitelji projekta su Agencija za unapređenje stranih investicija u BiH - FIPA, Grad Sarajevo i Federalno ministarstvo razvoja, poduzetništva i obrta, a očekuje se partnerstvo još nekih kantonalnih privrednih komora.	bs
Troje, od njih pet, ima partnera ili je izlazilo sa osobom koju su upoznali preko interneta. Nevjerovatnih 84% osoba bi nekoga, nakon chata, rado upoznalo u 'stvarnom svijetu', prenosi Daily Mail. Internet je najvažniji posrednik pri upoznavanju i kada se osoba doseli u novi grad. Svi ovi podaci govore da je internet definitivno promijeno tradicionalne načine druženja i upoznavanja, prenosi Dnevnik.hr.	bs
Getijev institut za konzervaciju je fotografiju 2002-2003. proučio uz pomoć fluorescentne rendgenske spektroskopije, Furijeove transformisane infracrvene spektroskopije, i drugih tehnika, i tom prilikom je utvrđeno da je sloj osjetljiv na svjetlost korišten za dobijanje slike bio bitumen iz Judeje.	bs
Nicević je rekao da je sa prozora svog stana vidio četiri policajca. Tokom pucnjave, jedan je pobjegao u zgradu Ambasade, dok je drugi, koji je tražio Jašarevićevu pomoć, jer je ranjen, ležao ispred ograde Ambasade.	bs
Klizazn će se u drugom kolu sastati sa Fabiom Fonjinijem iz Italije, koji je u prvom kolu pobjedio Slovenca Grega Žemlju sa 2:1.	bs
Također valja napomenuti kako je utakmica prekinuta u drugoj četvrtini pri rezultatu 19:16 za Partizan, nakon što su navijači Partizana teren zasuli petardama i bakljama.	bs
Šef Stručnog štaba Dragan Jović na današnjoj pres-konferenciji je istakao, da su njegovi igrači u protekloj sedmici radili na otklanjanju nedostaka, naročito iz prvog poluvremena susreta protiv Slavije, iz kojeg je njegova ekipa izvukla dosta pouka.	bs
Ona je dodala da su batinanja Srba u Tešnju bila su svakodnevna, a da su zarobljenici vođeni na kopanje rovova.	bs
Fudbaler je tada izašao iz svog automobila ali zaštitari su posredovali da ne dođe do većeg incidenta.	bs
3. Hiperpigmentacijske pjege od sunca također je vrlo teško ukloniti	bs
Za ovaj slučaj je već u određenoj mjeri reagirala Poreska uprava FBiH sa izrečenim kaznama zbog neuplaćivanja poreza i doprinosa. Platne liste su u ovoj firmi nepoznat pojam. Liste se samo rijetkim uposlenicima izdaju i to na komadiću papira izrezanog u traku. Topli obrok se isplaćuje u vidu bonova u različitim apoenima te se također i u tom pogledu krši nekoliko zakona i odredaba.	bs
Sve troje priznaju da su im zadrhtale ruke kada su im uručeni ključevi auta, koja su, pri tom, već bila i kasko osigurana.	bs
3. Ekvador 15 7 4 4 19:14 25	bs
Zemljotres se desio četiri kilometra sjevernoistočno od mjesta Krstac, opština Nikšić, u blizini granice Crne Gore i BiH, a njegova jačina iznosila je 3,5 jedinica Richterove skale, što odgovara epicentralnom intenzitetu od pet do šest stepeni Merkalijeve skale.	bs
Kako javlja dopisnik agencije Anadolija iz Mostara, Barišić je oko 16.40 sati izveden iz zgrade Vlade FBiH u Mostaru s lisicama na rukama.	bs
U zaseoku Bare kod Banje Luke sinoć se dogodio pokušaj ubistva. Policiji je oko 18.20 sati prijavljeno da je u dvorištu porodične kuće D.M. iz Banje Luke sjekirom napao svog sinovca Đ.M., nanijevši mu tjelesnu povredu u predjelu ruke.	bs
U posao je uključena besplatna obuka kao i plaćeno probno radno vrijeme. Dobijate svoj osobni nalog na platformi za pisanje, te možete raditi gdje, kad i koliko hoćete.	bs
Nagrada se sastoji od diplome i skulpturalnog simbola, uz novčani iznos od 7.000 KM, a ceremoniju dodjele nagrade organizirao bi Grad Sarajevo.	bs
"Peking je definitvno jedan od najspecifičnijih turnira u mojoj karijeri, volim da dolazim ovde, tenis je sve popularniji u Kini i zadovoljstvo je igrati pred ovakvom publikom", dodao je Đoković.	bs
Zmajevi slast pobjede nisu okusili od 7. oktobra prošle godine, kada su na Bilinom Polju savladali Luskemburg sa 5:0 u okviru kvalifikacija za odlazak na Svjetsko prvenstvo.	bs
Sa 12 godina završila je srednju školu, ali to nije značilo da će ići na fakultet zbog nepovoljnih financijskih uvjeta u kojima je živjela. Ipak, ministar obrazovanja Haled Kabbani, impresioniran njenim uspjehom, osigurao joj je punu stipendiju na Cornell univerzitetu u Kataru.	bs
'On ne štedi novac, potpuno vjeruje svojoj savjetnici. Na osnovu nekih njenih računica, Milanu je rekla da je njegova 'ovozemaljska misija' da ima što više djece. Iskreno, mnogi su uvjereni da je to razlog zbog kojeg se Milan nije vjenčao sa Severinom', zaključio je izvor.	bs
“Kada pogledate Federera i sve što je ostvario, kada pogledate protiv kojih je igrača igrao, jednostavno moram da kažem da je on najveći u historiji. Zbog njegovih rezultata, konstantnosti tokom proteklih osam godina, to je prilično nevjerovatno”, smatra Laver, jedini teniser u istoriji koji je dva puta osvajao Grand Slam (sva četiri najveća turnira u jednoj godini).	bs
Direktorica Agrokomerca u Beogradu, Jasmina Stojanović kaže da imovinu treba ravnomjerno podijeliti.	bs
Ona se telefonski konsultovala oko antibiotika koje bi trebalo da uzme i pokušala je da tako skine temperaturu, ali nije uspjela. Uobičajeni simptomi gripa, kihanje i kašalj nisu je puno zabrinuli, ali je istu noć Seve počela i da povraća, nakon čega je odmah prebačena u bolnicu.	bs
Prilikom jednog ispitivanja sam tražio da pozovu generala Tumanova da posvjedoči da niko od Srba u Šamcu niti je progonjen niti ubijen. Tada su me krvnički premlatili jedan plavi momak i Crvena beretka Zvezdan Jovanović Zveki, koji je optužen za ubistvo srbijanskog premijera Zorana Đinđića", pričao je Izetbegović.	bs
1. Stavite peškire u veš mašinu i to na najveću moguću temperaturu vode. Dodajte šoljicu ili dvije bijelog octa. Nemojte dodavati deterdžent, omekšivač ili bilo koje druge proizvode.	bs
Pored toga što se priča nije poklapala, njen maternji instinkt joj je govorio da nešto nije u redu.	bs
Prema policijskim izvještajima stradala su dva hrvatska navijača, koja su s povredama glave prebačena u bolnicu. Policija je blokirala benzinsku pumpu kod koje se zaustavila kolona s hrvatskim vozilima, gdje se očekuje poveća policijska pratnja koja bi ih trebala provesti do hrvatsko-srpske granice, prenosi Telegraf.rs.	bs
Mile Ribić, predsjednik Sindikata građevinarstva i stambeno-komunalnih djelatnosti RS, smatra da nas u tim oblastima uglavnom ignorišu. Smatra da je nedovoljno stranih investitora koji ovdje dolaze da bi ulagali u građevinarstvo.	bs
Tehnika za izbjegavanje: Vama nije potrebna kafa, već voda da biste podigli energiju. Osjećaj umora je najčešće znak dehidratacije. Čaša vode će vam biti od mnogo veće koristi, i to na duže staze.	bs
Ono što je sasvim sigurno je da je Maja željela da zvuči pametno, a ispalo je vrlo duhovito...	bs
"Mitsubishi Motors NedCar", kćerka firma japanske korporacije, koja trenutno zapošljava 1.500 radnika, proizvodi automobile tipa "Colt" i "Outlander" za evropsko tržište.	bs
Nura Čomor već 85 godina živi u Lukomiru. Nakon smrti supruga i sedmero djece ostala je sama.	bs
Pisali su banjalučkom gradonačelniku, smatraju da bi ih trebao saslušati i razmotriti njihove prijedloge, jer su uvjereni da se od ovog plastenika može mnogo toga napraviti, prvenstveno stvoriti nova radna mjesta. „Pozvali smo gradske vlasti da nas podrže, da iduće godine ovo proširimo i zaposlimo 20-ak ljudi. Nismo dobili odgovor“, priča Aleksandar.	bs
Tridesetogodišnje žene su zatim ušle u stan i uzele novčanik u kojem se nalazilo 100 eura i 200 konvertibilnih maraka, te kutiju sa zlatnim nakitom.	bs
Glavni tajnik SDP-a najavio je da će o tom slučaju i prijetnjama kojima je bio izložen dati izjavu za novinare danas u 12,30 sati u sjedištu stranke.	bs
Osim pred Kantonalnim sudom te poslije i pred Tužiteljstvom, radnici "Hidrogradnje" u ponedjeljak su planirali okupljanje pred Vladom FBiH i Parlamentom FBiH kao i u zgradi Sindikata BiH.	bs
Iako su haljina i nakit odražavali duh prošlih vremena, frizura i šminka bili su u modernom fazonu –	bs
Karl i njegova supruga na tom su odmoru potrošii mnogo novca, no shvatili su kako se tokom odmora ni s kim nisu upoznali.	bs
Kako prenosi portal Bussines Insider analize su pokazale da je Psy zaradio 7,9 miliona dolara od ove pjesme širom svijeta, uključujući kupovinu pjesama sa Eyesnewsa i servisa koji su dostupni samo u Koreji.	bs
Prema podacima Svjetske banke, 48 posto stanovništva Bosne i Hercegovine živi na granici siromaštva. Nakon novog talasa poskupljenja, veliki broj njih pridružit će se grupi od 18 posto građana koji su već u kategoriji ekstremno siromašnih.	bs
Hvaljeni proizvođači aito-dijelova, nepovratno su poropali, i to mnogo prije nego je Vučetić lansirao svoj fantomski projekat . „Famos“ je odavno u stečaju, a „Kaldera“ se davno preorjentirala na ugostiteljstvo, nakon što joj je propao biznsis s postavljenjem drvenih i betonski stubovi za električnu energiju!	bs
F:Ako se vratimo nekoliko godina unatrag i sjetimo se kako je u Mostaru pronađena velika količina granata, za što nitko nije odgovarao, dok ste Vi optuženi za nezakonito držanje oružja, odnosno jednog pištolja, kako to komentirate i kakva je to poruka široj javnosti?	bs
U 2012. Bosnalijek je samo u Bosni i Hercegovini zaposlio 43 nova zaposlenika, pa je u 2013. godinu ušao sa ukupno 806 zaposlenika - 632 u BiH i 174 u Bosnalijekovim predstavništvima u drugim zemljama.	bs
Skoro 200 hiljada maraka morati će platiti sarajevska kantonalna zastupnica MIRJANA JURIĆ obeštećenja Socijaldemokratskoj partiji BiH jer je napustila stranku koja je u njenu predizbornu promidžbu uložila crno iza nokata, da bi ona, nezahvalna, promijenila stranački dres, pa još sudjelovala u rušenju SDP-ove vlasti u Kantonu Sarajevo. Kakav biznis neslućenih razmjera se nalazi pred nosom SDP-ovim čelnicima a oni nikako da ga cjelovito operacionaliziraju!	bs
Sve privatne kompanije, kako ruske, tako i strane, sada moraju da se udruže ili sa "Gaspromom" ili sa "Rosnjeftom" i da dozvole da te državne firme kontrolišu najmanje 50 odsto bilo kog podmorskog projekta, podsjetila je agencija AFP.	bs
Povezanost BPA i srčanih bolesti potvrđena je i kasnije, kad su istraživači otkrili da zdravi ljudi s višim razinama BPA imaju veće šanse razviti srčane bolesti.	bs
Otvorili su račun u BBI banci broj; 1414151310128518 na ime Amila Smailhodžić.	bs
Nova sezona Formule 1 neće započeti Velikom nagradom Bahraina koja je otkazana uslijed nemira u toj maloj državici, već će krenuti iz Australije. I dok je sigurnost na prvom mjestu, vodeći ljudi oktanskog cirkusa mogu biti nezadovoljni činjenicom što je otkazana utrka u Bahrainu.	bs
Zapravo, "neimenovani zvaničnik" koji je dao obavještenje dodao je da će ženama biti dozvoljeno da voze bicikl samo oko parkova i drugih "rekreativnih" površina.	bs
”Situacija za Republiku Srpsku je bila vrlo teška u odnosu sa visokim predstavnikom i sa jednim delom međunarodne zajednice. Ja bih samo podsetio na par činjenica. Tada je već bilo više nadležnosti prebačenih od Republike Srpske na nivo zajedničke države, a preko, po mom mišljenju, nelegalnih i nasilnih odluka visokih predstavnika. Tada takođe se govorilo o potrebi da se stvara BiH na osnovu veće centralizacije i jake države.	bs
Kada ste u potrazi za domom uglavnom izbjegavate male stanove ili kuće, no gotovo uvijek postoje i iznimke.	bs
Ruski predsjednik smatra da u “grupnjaku”, kao i u svakom timskom poslu, mogu po malo da zabušavaju, prenosi britanski “Telegraf”.	bs
Kada je riječ o zahtjevu Kancelarije agenta Vijeća ministara BiH pred Evropskim sudom za ljudska prava za izjašnjenje na aplikaciju pred ovim sudom u predmetu "Ilijaz Pilav protiv BiH", dogovoreno je da se odgovor formuliše na idućoj sjednici Komisije na osnovu postojećih zakonskih rješenja i do sada pokretanih inicijativa za otklanjanje diskriminacije.	bs
Smatra da se stvari koje se zapuštaju vremenom mogu pretvoriti u prave probleme, ako se ne rješavaju na vrijeme. Svakodnevno rješavanje problema bolje je od rješavanja problema jednom mjesečno.	bs
I dok je HFEA (Uprava za ljudsku oplodnju i embriologiju) zaključila da postoji "generalna potpora" ideji, da nema dokaza da bi naprednija verzija IVF-a bila nesigurna te da se radi o "tretmanu koji će spasiti živote" pojavili su se i glasni kritičari.	bs
Za volanom je bio Jean Alesi (47), a otac Bernie (80) je sjedio s kćerom na zadnjem sjedištu.	bs
Obama je naglasio da su rezolucija i prijedlog za uništenje hemijskog oružja u Damasku s pravne tačke gledišta obavezujuće i provjerljive i dodao da će morati da bude sprovedena rezolucija, koja predviđa posljedice ukoliko se Sirija ne bude pridržavala njenih uslova.	bs
U okviru projekta je već 12 godina uspostavljena saradnja s obrazovnim institucijama, a svake godine mladi dizajneri iz BiH i inostranstva imaju šansu učestvovati na ovom festivalu, te prezentirati svoje radove.	bs
Četiri stranke, SDP, SBB i dva HDZ, nesumnjivo imaju većinu u Predstavničkom domu Parlamenta BiH, no problem je što u Federaciji BiH, pored Predstavničkog, postoji i jednako značajan Dom naroda, koji je sastavljen od tri nacionalna i jednog kluba „ostalih“.	bs
„Takođe, radi se na tome da obezbijedimo i njegove televizijske emisije, kao i snimljene filmove“, rekao je Mušinović.	bs
'Loš san čini nas više sebičnima i navodi nas da naše potrebe stavljamo ispred partnerovih', tvrdi psihologica Amie Gordon.	bs
"Pedeset nijansi sive" (E. L. James) veliki je hit prodat u više od 70 miliona primjeraka u svijetu.	bs
On je izvršio samoubistvo nekoliko nedjelja prije početka suđenja zbog navodne krađe miliona novinskih članaka iz elektronske arhive kako bi ih korisnicima ponudio besplatno.	bs
Većina radnika koji su privedeni širom BiH nakon saslušanja i kriminalističke obrade biće pušteni na slobodu kao svjedoci u budućem krivičnom postupku pred Sudom BiH koji je i naredio akciju 'Perač'.	bs
Naučnici još tragaju za planetom veličine Zemlje u takozvanoj "Zlatokosinoj zoni" (Goldilocks zone) za postojanje života kao na Zemlji - na mjestu koje nije ni isuviše toplo, ni isuviše hladno, i gdje bi moglo biti vode na površini.	bs
Robinson je išao na usiljeni marš od 20 kilometara na kome je morao da popravi mehaničku protezu, naučio je da se spušta niz konopac iz helikoptera i prešao je poligon sa preprekama, kao i ostali polaznici kursa.	bs
Guzmán ispituje svjetlosti kroz njen odnos prema prošlosti i budućnosti. On je ujedno i pripovjedač u filmu, a zajedno sa njim putuju i astronomi i arheolozi, te žene tragači sa svojim tužnim ispovijestima.	bs
Postoje tri vrste obveznica koje država može emitovati:	bs
Jovanka Broz nije primijetila da su pljačkaši upali u kuću jer su najprije provalili u podrum kuće, a potom pretresli sprat, tražeći u radnom stolu njen rukopis spreman za objavljivanje.	bs
On je podsjetio da je u akciji pretreseno više lokacija, uhapšeno više od 20 lica, kao i da se očekuje rasvjetljavanje krivičnih djela koja su duži period neriješena, a tiču se ubistva, pokušaja ubistva, pranja novca, zelenaštva.	bs
–Auto-mafija posjeduje sofisticiranu tehniku i znanje. Kriminalac s osnovnom ili slabom srednjom školom teško može učestvovati u takvim operacijama. U auto-mafiji su informatičari koji se za veliki novac pridružuju kriminalcima, mehaničari i električari, dakle veliki stručnjaci za saobraćajnu oblast. Odlično su opremljeni, a odavno je prevaziđeno mišljenje da kradljivci automobila koriste kalauze, pajsere i šrafcigere za provale – tvrde u policiji.	bs
Neke stvari se nikad ne mijenjaju. Baš kao i u „Farmi“, Stanija i Filip malo se vole, malo se ljute, malo se raspravljaju, malo plaču.	bs
***Smrtne presude za lepotu: Šta nikako ne smete da radite svom licu i kosi	bs
Sada postoji obaveza da se svakome ko otvara račun u banci mora uručiti dokumenat sa listom cijena za 20 osnovnih bankarskih usluga.	bs
Nakon današnje izjave Petrovića, oglasio se i Teletović koji je kazao da se, kao kapiten reprezentacije, trudi da ispuni sve želje selektora.	bs
Dio tog rasta zavisi od proizvoda poput uglja, palminog ulja, lima, ali Indonezija takođe ima velike rastuće tržište potrošača srednje klase – prodaja automobila je porasla za 15 procenata prošle godine.	bs
Novak Đoković će od 14 sati igrati prvi meč na centralnom terenu protiv Španca Juana Carlosa Ferrera. Poslije tog meča na teren će Roger Federrer i Španac Albert Ramos.	bs
S preko trideset godina umjetničkog iskustva, ova umjetnica je koristeći samo prste i drveni ugljen, zaista testirala granice umjetnosti, prenosi Daily Mail.	bs
Na konstataciju da je nekoliko puta zvao predsjednika Republike Srpske Milorada Dodika na neku vrstu konsultacija kada je riječ o unutrašnjim političkim pitanjima Srbije, Nikolić je rekao da to ne bi tako nazvao i da se on sa Dodikom nikada ne konsultuje o unutrašnjim prilikama u Srbiji.	bs
Naša nas vjera uči da na ovome svijetu nismo sami, već da dijelimo sudbinu sa ljudima različitih vjera, kultura i nacija. Ali, naše su nam nade i naše su nam muke iste. Zato nam je potrebno jedinstvo u različitosti, koje je moguće ako spojimo naša zajednička nadanja i ako se udružimo u borbi protih naših zajedničkih muka.	bs
Bakir Izetbegović, koji je najteže trenutke tokom agresije na Bosnu i Hercegovinu proveo upravo uz rahmetli Aliju Izetbegovića, priznaje na početku razgovora za AA kako su mu, ipak, najdraža sjećanja iz ranog djetinjstva.	bs
“Polazeći od procene da je Nemačka izdala najartikulisaniji zahtev Srbiji za prekidanje miješanja u ono što se smatra unutrašnjim stvarima Kosova, vlada je odlučila da dočeka Merkelovu sa najvišim državnim počastima", javio je Hajdari.	bs
Klizišta, poplave, uništeni mostovi uzrokovali su obustavu letova za Acapulco, a počela je i evakuacija najmanje 40.000 turista.	bs
Oni koji nisu zaboravili Puljića su navijači bordo kluba koji na svakoj utakmici Sarajeva u 24. minuti skandiraju ime Vedrana Puljića.	bs
WASHINGTON - Bivsi americki predsjednik George W. Bush, navodno je jednom od svojih nekadasnjih saradnika priznao da se zeli potpuno povuci iz javnog zivota.	bs
3. Svi se sjaćaju Orsona Wellesa i njegovih Vanzemaljaca. Legendarni glumac i reditelj je 1938. godine prestravio Ameriku svojom radiodramom "Rat svjetova" po naučnofantastičnom romanu H. G. Wellsa, emitovanom pred Noć vještica iz studija CBS-a.	bs
Naravno, prije toga ste pokušali preko šefova naše policije, koja je dolazila više puta kod mene u Beograd tražeći saradnju da optužim ljude iz SDS-a za navodna ubistva, što mi nije padalo na pamet. Ti Vaši ljudi su mi lično savjetovali da poubijam sve ljude oko Đoke (Đorđa Ždrale, prim. ur.), jer Vi niste spremni, nesposobni ste da se obračunate s organiziranim kriminalom.	bs
Susret BiH - Švedska igrat će se 26. oktobra u 14 sati na stadionu Bilino polje u Zenici.	bs
Logo je interaktivan tako da likovima možete upravljati. Pokušajte sami i otkrijte gdje će vas igrica odvesti.	bs
Pored toga, knjiga prikazuje Riberyja i kao kolovođu pobune u francuskoj reprezentaciji na prošlogodišnjem Svjetskom prvenstvu u Južnoafričkoj Republici.	bs
Don Olsen kaže da mu je teško da razumije animozitet drugih prema mormonima. „Ne znam zašto nas klevetaju: mi smo podjednako kršćanska vjera kao i sve druge. I mi vjerujemo u Krista kao spasioca svijeta, kao što u to vjeruju i drugi. Postoje neke razlike, ali one ne bi trebalo da budu razlog za toliko neprijateljstvo”.	bs
Fiorio, koji je radio u Ferrariju od 1989. do 1991., smatra da će dolazak Raikkonena biti od koristi za Alonsa jer je uvjeren da će Španjolac pobjediti i još podebljati svoju, ionako visoku reputaciju. Na pitanje hoće li Alonso patiti zbog prisutnosti Raikkonena, odgovorio je:	bs
˝Političar daje "viagru" da bi stekao popularnost glasača˝, kaže Sajan i dodaje da smatra da je to "loš način kupovanja glasova".	bs
Krajišnik je tokom razgovora kazao da se još nije sastao sa predsjednikom RS-a Miloradom Dodikom, iako ga je ovaj zvao u Banju Luku.	bs
S obzirom na to da će se pogonski sklop sastojati od manje pokretnih dijelova, negoli je to slučaj kod benzinskih i dizelskih automobila, izrada bi trebala biti jeftinija i brža, a održavanje – jeftinije. Prvi električni BMW trebali bismo ugledati 2013. godine.	bs
SMILJANIĆ: Je l' matere ti, buraz?!	bs
Prije i nego što se okrenete stići će i ljeto, a sa njim i mnogobrojne bašte sarajevskih kafića, godišnji odmori i kupanja u moru i bazenima.	bs
Dopustite mi da se našalim, ali i kada bi mi uspjeli nekako postaviti operu koja traje četiri noći, u najmanju ruku bi dobili prijavu za kršenje javnog mira i reda», objašnjava Samra Gulamović.	bs
Posebno mjesto u srcu Alije Izetbegovića, govori za AA njegov sin Bakir, imala je Republika Turska. Alija Izetbegović je, kaže on, imao kao, uostalom svi Bošnjaci, posebno emotivne veze sa Turskom, oslonjene na duge historijske veze.	bs
Mnogi su se proslavili i profitirali zahvaljujući MTV-ju, među kojima su bili i Madonna, Duran Duran i Jon Bon Jovi.	bs
"Drago mi je da je otvaranje jedne ovako značajne izložbe moj prvi događaj na kojem se zvanično pojavljujem kao gradonačelnik. Zagreb Sarajevu na Dan grada redovno pokloni sjajne izložbe, i nadam se da ćemo uskoro uzvratiti i Zagrebu pokazati ono što mi imamo", kazao je na otvaranju Komšić.	bs
Ali… (Na žalost u takvim lijepim pričama u pravilu ima neko “ali”!) Prije nego što zainteresirani vlasnik zemljišta dobije besplatne sadnice, moraju se odraditi dva posla: potpisivanje ugovora i izrada elaborata (projektne dokumentacije). Za to je najprije potrebno pribaviti hrpu dokumentacije, i to:	bs
Pjevačica obučena "do pola" u muško odijelo, skinula je majicu za potrebe snimanja editorijala koji je uradio fotografski par Ines van Lansvers i Vono Metadin.	bs
Nisam siguran da su naši lideri vjerovali u to isto i prije bih rekao da su dobro iskoristili naivnost naših društava i intelektualne elite, ali ostaće zapisano da su odjednom neki dojučerašnji komunisti, čak i neki ekstremni marksisti-lenjinisti, preko noći govorili o demokratiji, slobodnim izborima, tržišnoj ekonomiji, slobodi govora i štampe, konkurenicji ideja i programa, te političkom pluralizmu i odgovornosti.	bs
Mučno je, nesnošljivo, ponižavajuće nakon Arsenijevića čitati Sidrana, njegovo privatno, samoživo, samozaljubljeno kukumavčenje, prenemaganje, cviljenje, režanje.	bs
Na pitanje da li je tačno da piše knjigu o Kusturici, Sidran je odgovorio:	bs
Družili su se s njim četiri dana, prisustvovali njegovom treningu, upoznali njegove prijatelje i saigrače, zavirili u njegov dom i uživali u njegovom stotom nastupu u dresu Manchester City-a.	bs
Naravno, postoji još niz pjesama koje su pogodne za vožnju, a naučnici ističu da je ključ u tome što navedene pjesme imaju tempo koji je približan radu srca, točnije imaju od 60 do 80 'otkucaja' u minuti.	bs
Kao zamjenik ministra unutrašnjih poslova BiH, Žepinić je, kako je izjavio, imao više problema s pokojnim predsjednikom Predsjedništva BiH Alijom Izetbegovićem, koji je bio okružen “ekstremnim nacionalistima”. Po ocjeni svjedoka, Izetbegović je, zbog svoje predsjedničke uloge, bio “najodgovorniji” za izbijanje rata u BiH.	bs
Poslije hladnog, na istoku kišnog jutra, meteorolozi za četvrtak najavljuju pretežno sunčano vrijeme sa dnevnom temperaturom vazduha od 12 do 18, na jugu do 21 stepen Celzijusa.	bs
Istraživanje provedeno na više od 5.000 ljudi u 23 zemlje pokazalo je da automobilska industrija, odmah nakon tehnološke, uživa najveće povjerenje među potrošačima. Visokom rejtingu u prilog govori i činjenica da su ispitanici bili između 25 i 60 godina starosti, akademski obrazovani te unutar prvih dvadeset i pet posto po primanjima za svoju dobnu grupu, piše Tportal.	bs
Kanadski Research in Motion (RIM) kasno jučer objavio je izuzetno loše poslovne rezultate za drugi kvartal svoje poslovne godine. Pod daljnjim pritiskom daleko popularnije iOS i Android mobilne platforme, RIM je zabilježio pad prihoda od 10 posto na 4,2 milijarde dolara, dok je neto dobit zaronila za nevjerovatnih 58,7 posto na 329 miliona američkih dolara.	bs
Još veći udarac doživio je od svog velikog sponzora Nikea, koji je svih ovih godina stajao iza njega uprkos optužbama. Ali, kad je USADA izašla van s dokazima, Nike je okrenuo leđa Armstrongu.	bs
Pogotovo nakon što je u nedjelju u Beogradu održana Skupština Naprednog kluba čiji eksponenti zagovaraju ukidanje autonomije Vojvodine, te da Novi Sad postane glavni grad Srbije. Lider spomenute stranke Čedomir Antić otvoreno je rekao da bi ''Vojvodini trebalo ukinuti autonomiju''.	bs
Posebna dimenzija sabora u dolini ispod Vezirove brade je upoznavanje omladine koja je rasuta svuda po svijetu, ali i ugovaranje brakova između uglednih gusinjskih porodica.	bs
Američki predsjednik nikad nije krio ljubav prema pivu. Tako je recimo otvoreno uživao u hladnim kriglama “ginisa” tokom posjete Irskoj, a nekoliko puta se na sportskim mečevima kladio s drugim državnicima u sanduk piva.	bs
Kako nam je rekao Imamović, stvoreni su svi preduslovi za izvoz u Saudijsku Arabiju i Ujedinjene Arapske Emirate. Predstavnici tamošnjih kompanija su dolazili i snimali proizvodnju. Zadovoljni su kvalitetom pa Imamović vjeruje kako će do kraja godine biti postignut dogovor o plasmanu prvih količina. Naredni korak je dobijanje potrebnih certifikata za izvoz u zemlje Evropske unije.	bs
Britanski premijer David Cameron je kancelarki Merkel predložio "djelimičnu" izmjenu ugovora kada je bio u posjeti Berlinu 18. novembra.	bs
"Zbog nepostizanja dogovora o presudi 'Sejdić i Finci' suspendovano je 47 miliona eura iz IPA za 2013. godinu i oni mogu biti spaseni ako do dogovora uskoro dođe. No, bez mehanizma koordinacije ostajemo bez ovih ogromnih sredstava iz IPA progama od 2014. do 2020. godine", naglasila je Savićeva.	bs
A pitanje je, također, bi li ovakav HDZ, s Milanom Kovačem kao povratničkom zvijezdom, za predsjedničku kandidatkinju htio liberalnu političarku iz boljega dijela Sanaderova nasljeđa.	bs
Prvi put su o Zlatnom lovorovom vijencu za najbolju predstavu Children MESS-a odlučila djeca svojim glasovima i ovogodišnja pobjednica je predstava Jedno jutro sam otišla čileanskog Teatra de Ocasíon.	bs
Međunarodni žiri koji čini 59 automobilističkih novinara iz 23 evropske zemlje objavio je krajem 2011. godine širu listu od 35 automobila koji kandidiraju za prestižnu nagradu.	bs
A naše mišljenje je više nego pozitivno. O njoj dovoljno govori njen humanitarni rad. To nije bila saradnja, nego prijateljstvo.	bs
U starije kameno doba ljudi su živjeli u pećinama. Čovjek je ovladao vatrom, bavio se sakupljanjem plodova i lovom.	bs
Porez na dodanu vrijednost (PDV) je najrasprostranjeniji sistem oporezivanja prometa roba i usluga u svijetu. Primjenjuje se u preko 120 država svijeta, a u nekim od njih se javlja i pod drugačijim nazivima. Naprimjer, u Velikoj Britaniji, Kanadi, Novom Zelandu ili Singapuru poznat kao porez na dobra i usluge, dok se u Japanu naziva porezom na konzumiranje.	bs
Osim Sarajeva i Zenice, gradova u kojima se proda najviše ulaznica, redovi su se sinoć formirali i u Mostaru.	bs
Isti izvor tvrdi da Dodik tretira Džombića kao “neposlušnog malog” koji je u posljednih nekoliko mjeseci počeo da se suprotstavlja njegovim mnogobrojnim zahtjevima vezanim za projekte koji se finansiraju iz budžeta RS-a, a koji su za Džombića potpuno suludi.	bs
"Nova tehnologija je novi i veliki korak prema sigurnijoj vožnji. Sistem je zamišljen kao opcionalna oprema u budućnosti automobila, a proizvođači će sami odlučivati žele li ga koristiti, kazao je američki sekretar saobraćaja Ray LaHood.	bs
Pošto je Jocić pravosnažno osuđen, ovaj pritvor nije uračunat u kaznu koju je dobio.	bs
Premijer Kantona Sarajevo Suad Zeljković, komentirajući traumatične događaje koji se posljednjih dana dešavaju u Sarajevu poput redukcija vode, blokada gradskog saobraćaja i današnje obustave isporuke plina, kazao je za Anadolu Agency (AA) da iza svega stoji politika.	bs
Ono što je loše je to što mogu da se ohlade zbog jedne sitnice, jedne riječi koja nije na mjestu. Umiju da budu duhovite, ali na ciničan način. Vole intelektualne razgovore, vrlo su ozbiljne. Ne troše mnogo na izlaske, praktične su što se tiče novca. Djevicama se ljubav dešava na poslu, u kancelariji, biblioteci ili kod lekara.	bs
Svirepi zločin se najvjerovatnije odigrao 18. januara a spremačica je otišla do sobe u kojoj su odsjeli stranci nakon što je oni nisu napustili u dogovrenom roku.	bs
Poslije žurke, Kaća je legla u krevet kraj Borisa i nastavila da hvali svoj izgled. Maneken je na sve to klimao glavom i jednom trenutku rekao:	bs
Prva scena filma "Venuto al Mondo" reditelja Sergio Castellitto biće snimljena danas u Sarajevu.	bs
Papa Franjo je 22. septembra, na završetku svog posjeta Sardiniji, izazvao smijeh mladih vjernika rekavši im da nije Tarzan te da svoju snagu u teškim vremenima crpi iz vjere.	bs
"Nastavit ću raditi s predsjednikom Obamom kako bih osigurao ključne interese za sigurnost izraelskih građana", rekao je Netanyahu u kratkoj čestitki koja ističe strateške odnose s Washingtonom.	bs
Ali, muzički šou je ipak pripao Adele. 23-godišnja pjevačica, koja je u muzički svijet ušla poput oluje, morala je lani proći operaciju glasnica te prema liječničkom savjetu na napraviti pjevačku pauzu.	bs
S druge strane, istraživanja tržišta pokazuju da su u skoro svim zemljama Balkana cijene nafte i naftnih derivata znatno visoke i da su se gotovo izjednačile sa cijenama nafte u evropskim zemljama u kojima je životni standard građana na znatno višem nivou.	bs
Seminari nas uče iznova, da moramo slušati druge i drugačije i uložiti sve napore kako bi ih razumjeli, te uz obostrane ustupke došli do rješenja, tj. kroz dijalog i promovisanje mira dolaziti do rješenja koja će zaustaviti sve negativne stvari.	bs
Suprotno nekim spekulacijama da će politički projekat Željkka Komšića imati solidnu finansijsku potporu, vijesti s terena govore drukčije. Navodno će svi aktivisti koji budu sudjelovali na osnivačkoj skupštini sami snositi putne troškove i boravka u Sarajevu! (A.M.)	bs
Vlada Srpske obezbijedila je 962.300 KM za nabavku udžbenika za 21.000 učenika prvih i drugih razreda osnovnih škola.	bs
Oni tvrde da je ovaj materijal bezbjedan za ugradnju u lobanju, piše Srna.	bs
Televizijska ličnost i preduzetnica, Beteni Frenkl upravo je objavila novu knjigu “Rješenja mršave djevojke: vaš vodič za kuću, zdravlje, porodicu, karijeru, stil i seks”. U njoj Beteni daje savjete o dijeti poput: ”Nije važno ako preskočite doručak. Ne morate da doručkujete svaki dan.” Zatim kaže: ”Postoje dani kada možda nećete ni ručati, sve je to u redu.”	bs
Jednostavno priznaj da me tvoja majka i sestra ne vole!	bs
Ponovno zauzimanje ostrog kursa prema juznom susjedu, obiljezeno i vojnim provokacijama, tumaci se i kao zelja Sjeverne Koreje da u eventualni nastavka razgovora sest zemalja o njezinim nuklearnim ambicijama uce sa sto jacom pregovarackom pozicijom.	bs
Ilijašević, koji se nalazi na Viru kod Zadra, kaže da je iz mostarskog zatvora izašao 23. augusta u 19.00 sati, a da je trebalo da se vrati 23. septembra.	bs
„Javni službenici nisu navikli da budu nadzirani, njihov odgovornost nije zajednička u Španiji. To je strašno jer imate dosta mutnih vladinih pravnika i svaki od njih kontrolira javni novac.“	bs
Na internetu se mogu pronaći najrazličitije ponude, a neke od najzanimljivijih, ali i najbolje plaćenih su posao lovca na krabe, ribolovca na dalekom ostrvu Svalbard, radnika na naftnim nalazištima u Sjevernom moru... Sve popularniji su i poslovi na brodovima, ali i u Azerbejdžanu i Tanzaniji.	bs
Travničanin S. H. je nakon ovog događaja priveden u prostorije MUP-a ZDK na ispitivanje, a i sam je prilikom obračuna zadobio tjelesne povrede, čiji stepen za sada nije poznat.	bs
Soros misli da odluka o odobravanju zajmova za finansijsku pomoć Grčkoj, isključivo uz visoke kamate, nije bila dobra.	bs
Krivična prijava protiv predsjednika Republike Srpske Milorada Dodika zbog „pranja para”, koje su Specijalnom tužilaštvu u Beogradu podnijeli član Ekspertskog tima jugoistočne Evrope za borbu protiv terorizma i organizovanog kriminala Darko Trifunović i novinar Domagoj Margetić, uzburkala je političku i ekspertsku scenu u RS.	bs
Nakon toga Bogdanović je pokušao da ubije suprugu i sebe, a juče je preminuo u Urgentnom centru.	bs
Osim svog vlastitog tima, do 2015. godine Mercedes-Benz će motorima nastaviti opskrbljivati tim McLarena, čiji će službeni naziv do 2015. godine ostati McLaren-Mercedes.	bs
Ministar je istakao da je porodica više puta odbila da ode iz zemlje u kojoj više nije imala pravo da boravi, pa je najprije na Kosovo deportovan otac djevojčice 8. oktobra. Kada je policija sljedećeg dana trebalo da deportuje majku i šestoro djece, jedno od njih, Leonarda, nije bila kod kuće pošto je otišla na ekskurziju, pa su policajci presreli autobus pri povratku u grad.	bs
Tumaci kako se vecina roditelja u ovakvim situacijama pogresno postavi. Jedan dio roditelja posegne za drasticnim kaznama, premlacivanjem i zlostavljanjem djece, a drugi dio negira istinu, neobjektivno brani svoje dijete i tvrdi da ono nije sposobno uciniti takvo sto.	bs
U njima pronalazimo sve moguće klišeje. Pronalazimo najlošije moguće glumce, najlošiju moguću glazbu, najluđe i najgluplje ideje, lošu režiju, nedostatak bilo kakvog scenarija, pijane snimatelje, pijane glumce, nevjerojatno odvratnu scenografiju, i u tom bismo smjeru mogli nastaviti u nedogled. Ne gledate porniće? Pojma nemate što propuštate.	bs
(Autorica je politička aktivistkinja i društvena kritičarka; njena nova knjiga je: “Dajte mi slobodu: priručnik za američke revolucionare”)	bs
Najnovije istraživanje pokazalo je kako bi većina ljudi bila mršavija kad bi jednostavno više stajala! Naime, američki naučnici primijetili su kako velik broj ljudi dnevno sjedi i po 12 sati te su odlučili napraviti vrlo jednostavno istraživanje.	bs
Na plakatu su maske koje su nosile članice pankerske grupe „Pussy Riot“ iz Rusije.	bs
U uredu Ive Josipovića, pod istom izlikom kao i u Banskim dvorima, nije bilo moguće zajedničko slikanje hrvatskog predsjednika i srpskog potpredsjednika.	bs
Uprkos raširenom vjerovanju da starenjem postajemo sve manje sretni, novo istraživanje pokazalo je da stariji ljudi smatraju da su sretniji od mlađih.	bs
Prema podacima ureda za javno zdravstvo, 47 posto Danaca pati od prekomjerne težine, a 13 posto ih je pretilo, prenijela je Hina.	bs
Autor britanske studije Robin Huw Crompton s University of Liverpool smatra da su savitljiva stopala s nama od samih početaka naše vrste prije 3,5 milijuna godina. Također vjeruje da ova fleksibilnost ljudima daje određenu stabilnost prilikom nagle promjene brzine.	bs
Na slikama koje su nastale ljetos, prikazana je žena srednjih godina, koja se, očigledno, ne stidi sugrađana, pa ih je šokirala svojim neuobičajnim postupcima, pišu "Nezavisne".	bs
Upitan boji li se revanšizma nove srbijanske vlasti, odgovara negativno:	bs
U 2010. godine McDonalds je imao više od 31.000 restorana širom svijeta u kojima se svakodnevno posluži više od 50 miliona gostiju.	bs
Postoji li protok ideja na prostoru bivše Jugoslavije, da nešto počne u jednoj sredini, odreaguje druga sredina, pa se priključi treća?	bs
„Objektivno, i ako neko ode u Zagreb ili Beograd na koncert, to je mali broj ljudi. Nedovoljno da stvori kritičnu masu neophodnu da se u Sarajevu realizira veliki koncert. Ima tu još jedna stva, Sarajevo je izolovano. Do Sarajeva nema autoputeva, nije povezano jeftinim avionskim letovima ili kvalitetnom željeznicom s ostatkom regije da bismo mogli očekivati da ljudi iz Zagreba ili Beograda dolaze u Sarajevo“, zaključuje Lipa.	bs
"Ništa joj nije rekao, samo je predao kovertu i otišao", rekao je Brandn Hought.	bs
U Federaciji BiH u maju 2013. godine je rođeno 1.562 djece, a umrlo je 1.640 stanovnika, što znači da je prirodni priraštaj iznosio minus 78.	bs
Od glumaca iz BiH, najbolje glumačko ostvarenje imao je Mirsad Tuka igrajući lik učitelja u predstavi „Hamlet u selu Mrduša Donja“ Narodnog pozorišta Sarajevo.	bs
Nemojte pretjerivati u trošenju novca, jer ste skloni tome. Potrudite se da idete na neki kraći put. Usredsredite se na porodicu i prijatelje. Oni su Vam velika podrška. Sredite kuću.	bs
Ova studijska posjeta omogućila je mladima i da se upoznaju sa radom Centra za Humantarno pravo, Antikorupcijskom agencijom i Narodnom skupštinom Republike Srbije.	bs
Mlade žene i djevojke sve više oboljevaju od raznih poremećaja prehrane poput anoreksije i bulimije, samo da bih mogle izgledati kao žene s naslovnica modnih i lifestyle magazina. U modernom dobu mediji su gotovo opsjednuti savršenstvom ljepote.	bs
Prema nezvaničnim informacijama koje javlja novinar "Nezavisnih" sa lica mjesta, jedan od mladića koji se našao u objektu ima teže povrede na glavi i oko 14.55 pozvana je ekipa Službe hitne pomoći na intervenciju.	bs
pomažu da apsorbujemo nutritivno vrijedne sastojke same salate. Preliv za salatu bez dodatih	bs
Nakon toga bi trebalo da uslijedi zajednički sastanak.	bs
"Trenutno se osjećam fenomenalno. Imam trideset dvije godine i osjećam se više seksi nego ranije, jer sada znam šta želim. Na sebe gledam kao na umjetnika koji izražava svoj seksepil i nije mi važno što godine idu.“	bs
- Kod djece sunčanica ima najveće posljedice. Njihovi organizmi sadrže više tečnosti od organizama odraslih. Kada izgube tečnost, dehidratacija može da dovede i do kobnog ishoda - upozorava doktorica Dimitirjević.	bs
Prvo je Kordić poravnao u 56. minuti iz penala, da bi Dudić deset minuta kasnije vratio prednost Slaviji. Na 3:1 povisio je Karamatić u 75. minuti, ali ni to nije bilo sve, jer je Široki preko Ivice Džidića u 80. minuti smanjio na 3:2 pa se ušlo u neizvjesno završnicu.	bs
Nekoliko hiljada stanovnika već je evakuisano iz ugroženog područja, gdje se u nedjelju očekuju nove obilne poplave i padavine.	bs
U izjavi za Agenciju Fena, Zaimović-Uzunović je istakla da SDPBiH, kao najutjecajnija stranka u BiH, poklanja mnogo pažnje mladim u smislu njihovog političkog obrazovanja.	bs
Očigledno je da je beogradska publika poželjela hitova bh. kantautora, s obzirom na to da su od jutros ispred Arene veliki redovi obožavalaca Dina Merlina, koji čekaju da kupe kartu za koncert ove velike muziče zvijezde.	bs
„U ovom trenutku, u Višegradu, isti oni srpski zvaničnici koji negiraju genocid investiraju 12 miliona eura u novi 'umjetnički grad' Emira Kusturice, Andrićgrad. Ali to je samo političko sr... – politička odluka da se zataška genocid“, kazala je Jasmila Žbanić za ScreenDaily.	bs
Bh.nogometaši su u posljednjem susretu kvalifikacija odigrali neriješeno sa selekcijom Njemačke (4:4).	bs
Izvjestitelj je istovremeno upozorio da se ne smiju zanemariti drugi izazovi, pa je tako oštro kritizirao odluku vlasti da ne dozvole održavanje Parade ponosa u Beogradu u rujnu.	bs
Situacija u zemljama evrozone se donekle popravila i olakšan je pritisak na državne finansije, ali to poboljšanje nije se prenijelo na kompanije i preduzeća, navodi se u izvještaju.	bs
Sud će ovu odluku donijeti u roku od 24 do 48 sati.	bs
"Mnogi iz Srbije, koji su zainteresovani za kupovinu kuća, ne žale se na cijene, jer tvrde da su cijene nekretnina, recimo u Beogradu, znatno više", tvrdi Franćeski.	bs
Napokon, rasprostranjena pretpostavka da “Evropa” znači poboljšanje životnog standarda i socijalnu sigurnost za sve Evropljane – sada je dovedena u pitanje zbog sve većeg duga, starenja stanovništva, globalne konkurencije i krize u evrozoni. Mladi Grci i Španci teško da sada osjećaju pomenute benefite.	bs
Publika je uživala u pjesmama kao što su "Ah što ćemo ljubav kriti", "Ajde Jano", "Makedonsko djevojče", "Zapjevala sojka ptica", "Moj dilbere", i drugim.	bs
James Chuck kaže da bi pontonski most bio dug 2,4 kilometra i bio položen kao i pelješki most od kojega se odustalo.	bs
Učenici su do sada pohađali obuke iz sljedećih oblasti: novinarstvo, opšte informatičke djelatnosti, web design, programiranje i razvoj web stranice, računovodstvo i knjigovodstvo, navodi se u saopštenju agencije Propaganda.	bs
U svoju noćnu kremu dodajte kap kreme za samotamnjenje ili koristite kremu koja sadrži dihidroksiaceton ili DHA, poznat i kao gliceron, aktivni sastojak koji potamnjuje kožu.	bs
A prema podacima iz NTOCG nacionalni park "Skadarsko jezero" od početka turističke sezone posjetilo je 46,24 odsto više turista nego u istom periodu prošle godine.	bs
Ali, čini se da zvanični Brisel o tome ne želi ni da razgovara, pa je tako Joaquin Almunia, evropski komesar za konkurentnost izjavio: "Naknade za transakcije koje plaćaju maloprodajni trgovci završavaju i na računima kupaca. Ne samo da kupci nisu svjesni ove prakse, već se kroz sisteme nagrada za lojalnost i ohrabruju da koriste one kartice koje njihovim bankama donose najviše prihoda."	bs
Joksimovićeva je to izjavila poslije polemike između ministra pravde Nikole Selakovića i predsjednika LDP-a.	bs
Dalje, za drugi oktobar je dogovoren susret košarkašica Jedinstva BH Telekoma i Spartaka iz Subotice. Predsjednica kluba, Mara Lakić Brčaninović, i trener Azur Sakić su SDP-ovi kadrovi.	bs
Ipak, Centar za automobilska istraživanja (CAR) na Univerzitetu Duisburg-Essen objavio je da je skok u prodaji moguć samo zbog sve većih popusta u cijenama od strane proizvođača i trgovaca.	bs
U kasnijoj fazi dolazi do gubitka apetita, gubitka tjelesne težine, opšte slabosti, malaksalosti, otežanog disanja i pojave bola u grudnom košu.	bs
Broj gladnih u Bosni i Hercegovini ove godine je veći nego prethodne, a uz jedan obrok dnevno iz narodnih kuhinja preživljava oko 30 posto građana Bosne i Hercegovine. Prema analizama, više od 60 odsto BiH porodica od mesečnih prihoda ne može pokriti životne troškove.	bs
Marjanović je na prezentaciji projekta organiziranoj na Filozofskom fakultetu u Sarajevu govorio o naučnim rezultatima istraživanja, naglasivši da se ne može utvrditi u kojem je stepenu i liniji genetička povezanost skeleta Zgošće i Bobovca. Također su istraživanja vršena i za skeletne ostatke u dva groba na Bobovcu, za koja je DNK analizom utvrđena vjerovatnost od 94 posto da je riječ o polubraći.	bs
Konfekcijski broj 40 odabralo je čak 39 % muškaraca.	bs
Dva maloljetnika koja su iskorištavala devetogodišnjakinju osuđena su za ovaj događaj. Jedan od njih je stariji, dok je drugi mlađi maloljetnik.	bs
Napadač reprezentacije BiH Edin Džeko izjavio je kako su Slovaci zasluženo slavili.	bs
Komšić je podržao programske aktivnosti ovog nevladinog sektora i prihvatio pokroviteljstvo nad predstojećom „Trkom/šetnjom za ozdravljenje“ (Race for the cure), koju Američke organizacije JDC i Komen, u partnerstvu sa 19 domaćih NVO, putem Programa osnaživanja žena – WHEP, organizuju već četvrtu godinu u BiH.	bs
Jako ste komunikativni i pričljivi. Potrudite se da ove nedjelje pripazite šta pričate. Okrenite se pozitivnim stvarima, gledajte u budućnost. Ne obazirite se na ljude koji imaju lošu energiju. Sada ćete nakupiti energiju slušajući muziku i gledajući filmove. Opustite se ove nedjelje.	bs
Za 50,1% preduzeća platio je 4,49 milijarde eura. Malo komplicirana priča, koja na trenutke podsjeća na kakvu meksičku seriju, time je završena.	bs
Kako je sam rekao, to se dešava jednom u životu i nikada više. Teško je ne složiti se s njim. Osjećaj punog stadiona koji pjeva kao jedan, ostaje u srcu do kraja života. Spektakl kakav i Halid i njegovi vjerni fanovi zaslužuju.	bs
"Iznosi tih presuda bi mogli premašiti 50 miliona evra, što bi za nas predstavljalo nerješiv problem i ozbiljno bi ugrozilo Fond zdravstvenog osiguranja. I 10 posto tog iznosa bi bilo dovoljno da se obustave sve aktivne politike zapošljavanja u FBiH. Zbog toga smo tražili održavanje tematske sjednice oba doma Parlamenta Federacije BiH, budući da je Vlada FBiH učinila što je mogla po ovom pitanju", pojasnio je Rešo.	bs
Uređaj ima programirano mnogo funkcija za velik broj raznih televizora, glazbenih linija i komponenata, a posjeduje i mogućnost programiranja. Osim funkcije učenja kontrole uređaja koji nisu u bazi podataka New Kinetica, Re može pamtiti profile i za svaku sobu posebno sa neograničenim brojem uređaja, a nudi i mogućnost naprednije modifikacije.	bs
“Igrači su insistirali da se odmah vrate, a ja nisam imao ništa protiv toga.	bs
Vi pripadate ovom tipu ukoliko volite da se svađate, skloni ste ekscesima i imate problema sa nesanicom.	bs
S tim na umu donosimo vam sedam načina na koje možete prekršiti staromodna pravila i istovremeno učvrsnuti svoju vezu s partnerom.	bs
Charles Taylor, bivši zabavljač i baptistički svećenik rođen 1948. godine, političku poziciju počeo je graditi kao saveznik Samuela Doea, koji je na vlast u Liberiji došao pučem 1980. Njihov savez nije dugo potrajao – Doe je optužio Taylora za pronevjeru državnog novca i protjerao ga iz zemlje, nakon čega je Taylor završio u zatvoru u Massachusettsu, odakle je uspio pobjeći.	bs
- Postoje dokazi da se tako rođena djeca bolje razvijaju, brže rastu i trpe manje posljedica preranog poroda ako dobiju mnogo pažnje i topline - rekao je glasnogovornik udruge Thomas Fendel.	bs
Đorđe Ždrale je bio vođa jedne od kriminalnih grupa u Istočnom Sarajevu, čiji se pripadnici terete za više ubistava.	bs
U okviru projekta planirano je i podizanje rasadnika za pet vrsta ljekovitog bilja (lavanda, matičnjak, kantarion, bijeli šljez i kadulja), iz kojeg se već u narednoj godini očekuju sadnice za podizanje novih plantaža površine 7 hektara, kazala je Bošković.	bs
Policija je odvela plavokosu i plavooku djevojčicu iz njene kuće u naselju Talat u ponedjeljak, 21. oktobra.	bs
U posljednje vrijeme sve je češće prisustvovala i razgovorima predsjednika sa društveno-političkim aktivima. Ponekad bi se na Jovankine upadice u pojedinim razgovorima, bilo da su opravdane ili ne, Tito ljutito obrecnuo.	bs
ZA ONE KOJI NE MOGU DA GOVORE premijerno je prikazan na 7. septembra na 38. izdanju Toronto Film Festivala u selekciji Special Presentation, a svoju europsku premijeru je doživio na 61. San Sebastian Film Festivalu 26. septembra. Film je prikazan u takmičarskoj selekciji (Official Selection) i bori se za Zlatnu Školjku te ostalih 5 nagrada ovog prestižnog festivala.	bs
Kratko predsjednikovanje Džona Kenedija tako se najčešće pominje kao američki „Kamelot”, doba obnove sa asocijacijama na dvor i legendu o britanskom kralju Arturu.	bs
Nad Atlantikom će se tokom vikenda nalaziti duboka ciklona, na čijoj će prednjoj strani s južnim vjetrovima najprije zapadnu Evropu preplaviti topli zrak, pa će temperature biti od 6 do 10 °C veće od prosječnih za sredinu aprila.	bs
Nissan će iduće godine u Japanu dovršiti gradnju poligona za samovozeće automobile.	bs
Venusov krug: Luk ispod srednjeg prsta i domalog prsta. Zatvoren krug: Razočarenje u ljubavi.	bs
Dupovac je za AA potvrdio da je dobio otpravak nepravomoćne presude Suda Bosne i Hercegovine protiv Jašarevića. Presuda je, kako je rekao, napisana na 30 stranica.	bs
2. Udruženje žena „Orhideja“ – “Socijalno preduzetništvo kroz zapošljavanje žena u Turističko-rekreativnom hostelu”	bs
Usprkos diplomatskom pritisku i suspendiranju iz Arapske lige, nasilje u Siriji ne jenjava.	bs
"Riječ je o vrlo komplikovanoj proceduri. Sumnjam da će tim putem biti moguće riješiti brojne probleme koji se godinama gomilaju u Grasu", istakao je Himzanija.	bs
Roditelji su manje aktivni od onih parova koji nemaju djecu, a često posežu za brzom hranom koja se lako priprema, a koja je bogata masnoćama, šećerom i kalorijama. Pri tome tu hranu poslužuju i djeci te time nastavljaju začaran krug nezdrave ishrane u porodici, što dovodi i do pretilosti. U istraživanju je učestvovalo 1520 odraslih osoba, uključujući i roditelje koji imaju djecu mlađu od pet godina.	bs
Usljed zadobijenih povreda, vozač mopeda je preminuo prilikom transporta u dobojsku bolnicu.	bs
“Umrla je od srčanog udara u ponedjeljak. Uradili smo sve što je u našoj mogućnosti, ali se njeno stanje pogoršalo“, rekao je P.A. Siram iz bolnice za AFP.	bs
Ima i mišljenja da je u pitanju neki od leptira iz porodice Urodidae, za koje se zna da pletu čahure nalik na korpe, ili pak neki od moljaca iz porodice Bucculatricidae.	bs
Carinici se sumnjiče da su zloupotrebom službenog položaja oštetili budžet Srbije za blizu 250 miliona dinara, odnosno oko 2,2 miliona eura.	bs
Grejp je bogat vitaminom C i antiokdisansima. Također, sadrži sastojke koji povećavaju proizvodnju jetrenih enzima za detoksikaciju, pored toga grejp sadrži i flavonoid koji pomaže kod topljenja masti.Zeleni čaj sadrži katehin koji je vrsta biljnog antioksidansa.	bs
Sve je krenulo čekom od 100.000 dolara kojeg su primili od investitora, a u sljedećih 14 godina Google je narastao na jednu od najvećih internetskih tvrtki na svijetu.	bs
“Informacije koje će uskoro biti plasirane u beogradskim medijima o tajnom životu Grigorija nimalo se neće dopasti aktuelnom vladiki, čak će i sam biti šokiran nekim detaljima“, navodi naš izvor iz Srpske napredne stranke.	bs
Prema anketi američkog magazina Parade, Kim je zauzela prvo mjesto sa ukupno 29 posto glasova, prenose hrvatski mediji. Na drugom mjestu našao se Charlie Sheen, a od ostalih Amerikance iritiraju još i Snooki, Lindsay Lohan i Dondald Trump.	bs
Red Bullov dvojac još su jednom potvrdili da nemaju pravu konkurenciju u Suzuki, piše Večernji. Trećeplasirani Renaultov vozač Robert Kubica na prvom je treningu za vodećim zaostao više od pola sekunde.	bs
Međutim, ima poslodavaca koji se bore i protiv toga - kompanija "Evernote", koja stoji iza istoimene popularne aplikacije, plaća radnicima 1.000 dolara bonusa za uzimanje bar jedne slobodne nedjelje tokom godine.	bs
"Moramo raditi tako da svi koraci koji se preduzmu, vode konacnom izlasku BiH iz sadasnjeg zastoja i da ova zemlja moze da napreduje ka ukljucivanju u Evropu", kazao je Moratinos.	bs
Gavrila Trećeg rijetko ko zove po imenu. Svi ga poznaju po nadimku - Bato. A kad nekome kaže kako mu je pravo ime, reakcije su različite: „Uglavnom je ljudima to simpatično, šaljivo, malo se i iznenade... A ove mlađe generacije skoro i ne znaju ko je bio Gavrilo Princip, pa im to ništa i ne znači.“ (M. Radević)	bs
Peterostruki dobitnik Grammyja i jedan od najimpresivnijih vokala današnjice Cee-Lo Green predvodi novi paket izvođača na ovogodišnjem Exitu.	bs
"cuo sam da Michael Bay daje nagradu za bilo kakvu informaciju o djevojcici. Hvala mu na tome, kao i svima koji su digli svoj glas. Okrutnost prema nemocnim zivotinjama je neprihvatliva. Ne mogu da izbacim te kucice iz svoje glave", dodao je Lutz.	bs
Ova riba čudnog oblika, čiji je fosil otkriven nedaleko od južnokineskog grada Ćudžing, bila je duga oko 20 centimetara, imala je oklopnu glavu i tijelo i krljušast rep.	bs
Potvrdu te uspješnosti Davutoglu je našao u činjenici da je izvoz Turske u susjedne zemlje 2002. godine iznosio 8 posto, a da je danas taj izvoz visokih 32 posto.	bs
Prvostepena disciplinska komisija privremeno ga je udaljila 1. jula.	bs
Za mene su ostajali nepregledni milimetri ograde pripremljene da postane ljepša i novija i nekako osjećam da sam prije vremena uzdisao i hvatao samo dio mirisa nebesko-plave boje.	bs
Prilikom porasta temperature raste i pritisak u pneumaticima zbog toga je preporuka vozačima da obavezno provjere u priručniku ili na pneumatiku sa strane koji je pritisak idealan za tu gumu i potrude se da ga održe redovnom provjerom.	bs
Doživjela je i provokacije na utakmici Hrvatska – Brazil, gdje su je mnogi provocirali i pogrdno joj dovikivali.	bs
Gratz je mišljenja da je u ovom trenutku, više nego ikad, neophodno pokazati da u BiH postoje i djeluju građanske političke alternative koje će podjelu zemlje spriječiti zalaganjem za evropske vrijednosti, a ne partikularne interese naroda i njihovih kriminogenih vjerskopolitičkih elita.	bs
Šef policije u Sofiji Valeri Jordanov rekao je da je na mjestu zločina pronađen nož i pištolj koji je otac legalno posjedovao.	bs
Opisujući navijače reprezentacije BiH, on je rekao da su oni veseli, opušteni i uvjereni u pobjedu svoje ekipe.	bs
- To navodi na zaključak da je neandertalski mozak imao veće dijelove namijenjene vidu i kretanju - objasnio je Ajluned Pirs.	bs
Dvanaestogodišnja Eva Pilić iz Gornjeg Vakufa-Uskoplja ponovo je oduševila žiri i publiku u finalu hrvatskog Supertalenta koji se emituje na Novoj TV.	bs
Uprkos kišnom vremenu, građani su došli da poprate otvaranje ove manifestacije, te su mogli uživati u zvukovima ilahija, koje je učio hor Medžlisa Islamske zajednice.	bs
Obožavatelji koji su došli da vide Messija, Neymara, Xavija, Iniestu, Piquea i druge zvijezde, po izlasku iz autobusa dočekali su ih s ovacijama. Povorka Barcelone pozirala je predstavnicima medija ispred Zida plača, raspitivali su se o istorijatu Zida, a nakon što su ga pregledali, vratili su se u autobus.	bs
Posljednjeg dana takmičenja naš reprezentativac je, iako vidno povređen, na svoju odgovornost nastupio u utrci na 1000 m i zauzeo je 36. mjesto, što je solidan rezultat imajući u vidu šta mu se desilo na ovom SP-u.	bs
Usudićemo se reći i od konkurencije pa kraj njega Audi zaista izgleda, kako bi to kazao Jeremy Clarskon, kao vozilo koje kupuju samo „njemački prodavci cementa“.	bs
Iako cijena još uvek nije saopštena, ljubitelji prethodne verzije strahuju da će nova generacija biti znatno skuplja.	bs
Naravno da pratim. Volio bih da naša reprezentacija u bilo kom sportu ostvari plasman na neko veliko takmičenje. Trenutno rukometna reprezentacija ima nabolje šanse za to. Poraz od Mađarske i neriješeno sa Makedonijom su nam šanse za odlazak na EP malo umanjile, ali su jos uvijek tu. Imamo potencijal, imamo igrače i još da od njih napravimo ekipu, možemo se konačno nadati odlasku na EP.	bs
Svi smo navikli na veliki broj neželjene pošte, a istraživanje u Americi je pokazalo da ljudi najčešće kliknu na imejl koji u naslovu pominje lijekove. Sa obzirom na cijenu zdravstvenog osiguranja u SAD to je razumljivo, a hakeri često koriste spam poštu kao sredstvo za prenos virusa.	bs
- Politička implikacija ovog zakona je ozakoniti praksu poništavanja prebivališta koja je dosad bila nelegalna i svaki građanin će doslovno, prije nego što napusti opštinu morati da se prijavi u stanici policije u slučaju da oni njemu taj dan ne pošalju policiju na vrata da provjeri da li on tamo živi - objasnio je.	bs
Fotografije bi trebalo da posluže kao dobra pouka djeci - da dobro razmisle prije no što im padne na pamet da posegnu za drogama bilo koje vrste.	bs
Film "Epizoda u životu berača željeza" nastao je u produkciji SCCA/pro.ba u koprodukciji sa A.S.A.P Films iz Pariza i Vertigo/Emotionfilm iz Ljubljane.	bs
On je rekao da dijamant ima neprocjenjivu vrijednost zbog svoje veličine, čistoće i zato što su ružičasti dijamati veoma rijetki, prenio je AFP.	bs
Kako kaže, ovaj sretni Tešnjak prethodni veći dobitak imao je također na “Kolu sreće”, ali u igri loto, prije osam godina.	bs
A onda je Tesla učinio ono što nitko nije očekivao. Poderao je originalne ugovore. Tesla je bio izuzetno zahvalan Westinghouse što je on vjerovao i uložio u njega kada nitko to nije želio. Cepajući ugovor i odričući se svojih prava na honorare, Tesla je jednim potezom spasio Vestingausovu kompaniju.	bs
Nezvanicno, saznaje FTV, razlozi nisu vezani za Stranku za BiH, vec za sraman odnos zakonodavne prema izvrsnoj vlasti.	bs
Ističe da je formalno deklariranje za svebošnjačke interese, ove nove, zapravo stare, grupacije, uglavnom forsirane od “kadrovika” Miloševićeve lokalne diktatorske vlasti i stranaka, ili pak njihovih potomaka, “djelimično je zbog naše domaće javnosti koja je oko tog nacionalnog opredjeljenja definitivno u većini prelomila, što se potvrdilo i na zadnjem popisu stanovništva”.	bs
David Lindsay-Abaire je za ovaj tekst dobio Pulitzerovu nagradu. Povodom premijera Dubravka Zrnčić-Kulenović, dramaturg predstave, je napisala:	bs
Još se ne zna kome je oružje pripadalo. Dječak je uhapšen i protiv njega je podnesena krivična prijava.	bs
Brazil tijesno koordinira vojna pitanja sa svojim susjedima, i bilateralno i preko Južnoameričkog vojnog savjeta Unasur-a, sa ciljem promovisanja izgradnje povjerenja, transparentnosti, zajedničke regionalne odbrambene industrije i, što je najvažnije, zajedničkog odbrambenog identiteta. Naš potencijalni mehanizam za unapređenje tih ciljeva je Vojni koledž Južne Amerike, koji se trenutno razmatra.	bs
On je naveo da je najbolji dokaz da se na našim trpezama nalazi sumnjivo meso, cijena, jer, na primjer, turski fileti koštaju 4,6, a domaći oko osam maraka.	bs
Istina: Zapravo, može. Znanstvenici upozoravaju da maslinovo ulje, iako je zdravo zbog monozasićenih masti koje blagotovrno djeluju na srce, flavonoidnih antioksidansa i vitamina E, također sadržava kalorije. Iako zdravo, maslinovo ulje po žlici može sadržavati 120 kalorija i 14 grama masti. Tako i prije negoli počnete kuhati u vašoj tavici već može biti 300 kalorija, piše Huffington Post.	bs
U obraćanju novinarima u Bijeloj kući, Obama je potvrdio da je danas razgovorao sa čelnikom republikanaca u Kongresu John Boehnerom pozvavši predstavnike njegove stranke da izglasaju budžet bez postavljanja dodatnih uslova.	bs
Doktori sad upozoravaju da ispod bebe ili u kolijevku nikad ne stavljate jastuke, mekane kalupe za spavanje ili dekice. A kad je stavljate na spavanje postavite bebu na leđa.	bs
Prijavljeni je 19. juna ove godine, presreo četrdesetogodišnju sugrađanku u tržnom centru u Derventi, te ju je odgurao u prostor između stubova, istovremno je dodirijući i ljubeći.	bs
"Mi smo predstavnike MMF-a informisali da su u parlamentarnoj proceduri izmjene i dopune zakona o penzionisanju pod povoljnim uslovima. Sugestija MMF-a je da se to odgodi do donošenja sveobuhvatnog zakona, a Vlada i MMF završit će dogovore oko sveobuhvatnog zakona do 15. marta," kazao je Fehim Škaljić, predsjedavajući Zastupničkog doma Parlamenta FBiH.	bs
Na evropskim cestama je 2009. poginulo 35.000 ljudi.	bs
Meditativna drama Béle Tarra, priča o slavnom incidentu s poludjelim Nietzscheom i njegovim konjem.	bs
"Smatramo da bi ovaj zakon trebalo, u dijelu koji se odnosi na registraciona područja, razmatrati u redovnoj proceduri. Klub Bočnjaka na današnoj sjednici, uz pribavljena tri glasa, odlučio je da se prijedlog zakona proglasi kao štetan po vitalni nacionalni interes", kazao je Genjac.	bs
Naravno imate garanciju na sve naše proizvode, kao i pravo vratiti nam proizvode u roku od 14 dana u slučaju da ti isti ne odgovaraju vašim potrebama.	bs
Osmicom je ocjenjen i golman domaćih Ali Al Habsi, te još trojica saigrača bh. reprezentativca: golman Joe Harth, stoper Joleon Lescott, te veznjak i asistent kod gola David Silva.	bs
Pjevač Maroon 5 slikao se za ruski "Vouge" sa svojom djevojkom Anom Vjalicinom (25), ruskom manekenkom koja radi pod pseudonimom Ana V.	bs
Zbog spolnog odnosa s maloljetnikom Hrvatica je osuđena na 22 mjeseca zatvora uvjetno.	bs
"Jaaa i moj noviii dečkooo... večeras smoo zajednoo nastupaliii..., hahahaha".	bs
Ova pojava je na prvom mjestu liste najiritantnijih stvari, a odmah za njom slijedi javna svađa, kao i žalosni statusi i jadikovke zbog raskida veze.	bs
Ova velikodušnost ukazuje da su mađarski biznismeni veoma raspoloženi da udovoljavaju njihovom autokratskom premijeru koji uživa izborni mandat o kojem drugi lideri u Evropi mogu samo da sanjaju. Međutim, uveliko se smatra da on zloupotrebljava taj mandat da bi uspostavio novi sistem koji čuva njegovu moć.	bs
Redžović se takmiči u kikboksu, boksu i tajlandskom boksu. U kikboksu do sada je zabilježio 31 pobjedu i devet poraza, a u boksu je upisao devet pobjeda u međunarodnim takmičenjima.	bs
Bolno sjećanje Admira Loje presjecaju Novakovići, u dvorištu porodične kuće, u hladovini vinove loze, koju je ovaj, danas stasao mladi čovjek, zajedno s njima sadio.	bs
Prema pisanju Večernjeg lista, s druge strane poduži je popis srpskih i bošnjačkih političara koji su pritvarani i procesuirani, te na kraju oslobođeni zbog neodrživosti optužnica.	bs
Kako prenose agencije, State department je saopćio da upozorava građane SAD na opasnost od napada "posebno na Bliskom istoku, sjeveru Afrike i na Arabijskom poluostrvu".	bs
Želite li vrtne biljke zaštititi od mrava i puževa? Ništa lakše. Na to mjesto stavite talog kave. Otjerat će i druge insekte.	bs
Polovica podijeljenog novca za kapitalna ulaganja i investicije, odnosno oko 10,5 miliona KM, neopravdano je data kao poticaj za 12 firmi i pojedinaca.	bs
Ovo mu je prva sezona, no dočekao ga je vrlo loš Williamsov bolid. Ekipa je osvojila samo jedan bod, i to onaj Pastora Maldonada iz prošle utrke vožene u Mađarskoj. Na pitanje novinara ruskog časopisa Championat da kaže detalje i planove za 2014. godinu, Mika je odgovorio:	bs
15. Radije bi odluku odložio nego je donio,	bs
Ako želite da uklonite neugodne mirise iz ladica u frižideru, samo spužvicu pospite sodom bikarbonom ili je umočite u rastvor vode i sode bikarbone, pa stavite u praznu ladicu preko noći.	bs
Ako izuzmemo Rusiju, na alpskim vrhovima iznad 3000 metara nadmorske visine temperatura je bila -6°C, što nije osobito niska temperatura za ovaj dio godine. Posljednjih dana u Alpama je palo više od pola metra snijega, no snijeg će se sljedećih sedam dana većinom otapati.	bs
"Kod našeg sistema još postoje nedostaci", rekao je Klajn. "Na primjer, on ne može da prati morfološke promjene ili reduplikacije - kako riječ kao što je cat (eng. mačka) postaje kitty cat (maca). Naš sistem ne može da objasni zašto ili kako nastaju izvjesne promjene, već samo da pokaže da su se one dogodile."	bs
Zrinjski je u Mostaru savladao tuzlansku Slobodu sa 2:0, golovima Marjanovića (18.) i Bekića (31.).	bs
Politički lideri u BiH potpisali su jučer u Bruxellesu set zaključaka, među kojima je i onaj koji se odnosi na puno prihvatanje neophodnosti implementacije presude "Sejdić-Finci", a što će omogućiti pravo svih da se kandidiraju za Predsjedništvo BiH i Dom naroda PSBiH.	bs
Ova jaja su najčešće u prodaji i u upotrebi, bogata su proteinima, kalcijumom i cinkom. Osnova su doručka u svim krajevima svijeta. Postoje različite vrste kokošiju, pa tako i jaja dolaze u različitim oblicima, ali i bojama. Mada, većina ima istu nutritivnu vrijednost.	bs
Ideja za izgradnju Islamskog kulturnog centra u Ljubljani pokrenuta je 21. maja 1969. godine. Zvanični zahtjev Islamske zajednice odgovornim institucijama u Ljubljani, predao je tadašnji reisu-l-ulema Sulejman-ef. Kemura.	bs
Delegacija srpskog pravosuđa na čelu sa ministarkom pravde Snežanom Malović sastaće se sa španskim kolegama u Madridu radi dogovora oko daljeg procesuiranja Luke Bojovića i još dvojice uhapšenih 9. februara u Valensiji.	bs
U posljednjih nekoliko godina, zbog finansijskih problema, BHRT prakticira interni izbor pjesme i predstavnika.	bs
Japanski istraživači su pratili 15 zdravih muškaraca od 24 godine. Oni su iz dana u dan naizmjenično preskakali uže, vozili sobni bicikl ili se odmarali.	bs
Upotreba štednjaka i pećnica je nezamisliva kod njih, međutim, hrana se može preliti vodom zagrijanom na graničnih 46°C.	bs
Tek kada joj je jako pozlilo krajem avgusta, jabnost je saznala da gospođa Broz boluje od raka.	bs
Poslije njenog izlaganja uslijedio je razgovor sa počasnim gostima, među kojima su bili proslavljeni devetnaestogodišnji poduzetnik bh. porijekla Zlatan Bajrić, dr. Amir Hädd, pripadnik predratne generacije imigranata iz BiH, te Indira Alikalfić, poduzetnica i članica uprave humanitarne organizacije ”Naša djeca – Våra Barn”.	bs
Ukupni vanjski dug BiH skoro je duplo manji od evrounijskog prosjeka. Vanjski dug članica EU u prosjeku je 85 posto GDP-a, dok je vanjski dug BiH neznatno veći od 40 posto GDP-a.	bs
Petočlani žiri kojeg je predvodio akademik Zdenko Lešić odlučio je da je najbolji roman “Knjiga o Uni” Faruka Šehića.	bs
Eminentni glumac, producent i humanitarac će u Sarajevu predstaviti ovogodišnjeg dobitnika nagrade Katrin Cartlidge fondacije.	bs
Među nominovanima tada su bili kineski disident Ai Veivei, Kate Midleton koja se te godine udala za princa Williama, američki admiral McRaven , vođa specijalne jedinice koja je ubila Osamu Bin Ladena...	bs
Nakon što je "Slobodna Bosna" otkrila „drugo lice“ humaniste Almira Čehajića Batka, te objavila svjedočenja naših čitatelja o tome koliko im je novca ostao dužan i kako ne vraća svoje kredite, Batko je u duhu humanizma i tolerancije novinare i urednike naše redakcije prozvao - "luđacima".	bs
Salata se izuzetno brzo pravi i veoma je jednostavna. Potrebne namirnice su:	bs
Površina svjetskih okeana bi se zamrzla, ali bi to zaštitilo ostatak okeana od smrzavanja barem nekoliko stotina hiljada godina.	bs
Tri pogotka Lihtenštajnu zabio je i Vedad Ibišević, a dva gola je dodao Zvjezdan Misimović, koji je u 26. minuti otvorio golijadu.	bs
Potvrdili su ovo u sva tri telekom operatera u BiH, istakavši da se korisnici prije kupovine takozvanih pametnih telefona moraju dobro informisati da bi izbjegli velike račune jer je njihov mobitel automatski "prikopčan" na Internet koji se plaća.	bs
Još nisam kontaktirala komisiju, uradila sam dosta posla i ispast će da mi se ne plati za moj trud ako dođe do obustavljanja popisa u ovom dijeli Distrikta. Najradije bih odustala od svega ovoga jer sam primijetila dosta nepravilnosti, zaista ne želim učestvovati u nedjelima koja mi se nude, posao popisivača sam shvatila ozbiljno i odgovorno.	bs
Poginuli su: Indira Brković (1982), Jasmina Brković (1989), Mirza Dedović (1986), Danijel Jurenić (1983), Nermin Rizvanović (1981) i Admir Subašić (1986).	bs
Na drugo mjesto, između Francuza i Nijemaca, Kretzschmar je svrstao Hrvatsku. Procjenjuje da će Červar i njegovi izabranici ponovno izgubiti finale od aktuelnih olimpijskih pobjednika i svjetskih prvaka.	bs
Da biste dobili svjež i mladolik izgled koji može da traje i do sedam dana sve što vam treba je malo zaleđene vode.	bs
"Ukoliko se na osnovu izvještaja entiteta ne utvde razlozi nedostatka popisnica Agencija za statistiku BiH će pokrenuti i postupak preispitivanja odgovornosti svih učesnika u popisu od općinskih/gradskih popisnih komisija do entitetskih zavoda", kazala je.	bs
Na Badnji dan, 6. januara, pravoslavni vjernici će tradicionalno zapaliti badnjak.	bs
Automobil iz kojeg je pucano pronađen je zapaljen u obližnjem prigradskom naselju.	bs
Novi podaci prikupljeni od 1260 ispitanica pokazuju kako je svako povećanje dnevnog unosa željeza za 10 miligrama bilo moguće povezati s povećanjem porođajne mase beba za oko 34 grama.	bs
O stanju u bh. fudbalu i atmosferi u reprezentaciji, Osim je rekao:	bs
Primjer za to je njegova dojučerašnja savjetnica – Selma Užičanin, koja je u javnosti uglavnom pominjana kada se govorilo o spornim Lagumdžijinim ‘diplomatskim’ putovanjima (Kuvajt i Rim), na koja je, inače, pored savjetnice Užičanin, vodio i suprugu Aminu.	bs
Uprkos visokom procentu modernih televizora, neki građani još posjeduju crno-bijele televizore, a tih aparata može se naći u 2,2 %domaćinstava.	bs
Projekt mosta, na osnovu idejnog rješenja pobjedničkog rada tri mlada autora, tadašnja studenta druge godine Produkt dizajna na Akademiji likovnih umjetnosti Adnana Alagića, Amile Hrustić i Bojana Kanlića, uradila je firma "IPSA Institut" d.o.o.	bs
A ako vam fotografija nije dovoljna, pogledajte video koji je u nešto više od mjesec dana skupio preko dva miliona gledanja, piše Index.	bs
On smatra zanimljivim činjenicu da je, nakon pada aviona, jedan od putnika bio živ i da je mobilnim telefonom pozvao svoju porodicu. Pančevski kaže da je on vrištao i govorio da su mu polomljene noge, da bi potom prestala svaka komunikacija.	bs
Sve vas pozdravljam želeći Vam sretan i radostan Božić ispunjen obiljem Božjeg blagoslova koji neka vas prati i kroz cijelu Novu 2013 godinu”, poručio je kardinal Puljić.	bs
Prema studiji koju je uradila evropska META-NET mreža, sa 60 istraživačkih institucija iz 34 zemlje, čije je sjedište u Berlinu, najmanje 21 jezik od 80 evropskih jezika je u opasnosti da digitalno izumre, jer su ostali bez pisma koje može biti informatički obrađeno, saopštio je beogradski Matematički fakultet, član mreže.	bs
Prije četiri godine oko 200 radnica ove fabrike ostalo je bez posla nakon pokretanja stečaja. Taj je postupak trajao tri godine, a rezultat je rasprodaja pokretne i nepokretne imovina Tvornice, pri čemu nije osiguran novac za radnička potraživanja, uključujući i povezivanje staža.	bs
Splavovi su bili Pajina kuća, živio je kao Diogen na Savi: „Desilo se da je jednu noć prespavao u šiklji, na lepom plavom Dunavu, i kad se probudio, onako mamuran i ukočen samo je promumlao: 'Nek' jede govna onaj koji je rekao da je Dunav plav, a da je čamovina meko drvo!'“.	bs
"Smatram da su mi ljekari Milana napravili mnogo štete u karijeri. Posljednje dvije, od šest sezona u Milanu, gotovo da nisam igrao. Problem je bio jasan - uvijek sam se vraćao na teren prije nego sam trebao. Sve je išlo u krug", rekao je Pato.	bs
Vujanović je ranije kazao da je osvojio 51,3 odsto glasova, a Lekić 48,7. Lekić je, međutim, saopštio da je on osvojio 50,5 odsto glasova, a Vujanović 49,9.	bs
Nova istraživanja su otkrila da je vaša mašta toliko moćna da ćete se uplašiti. "Nadražaji koje je stvorila mašta su toliko realni da mogu da promijene percepciju stvarnog svijeta", kaže profesor Henrik Ehrsson.	bs
Trideset ambulantnih vozila upućeno je na tu lokaciju, nakon što se putnički autobus sudario sa kamionomkompanije "Kamaz" koji je prevozio pijesak za asfaltiranje.	bs
Nalaziste u Sakari je velika nekropola na podrucju nekadasnjeg Memfisa, s nebrojenim grobnicama i prvim faraonskim piramidama.	bs
Druga stvar koja je uzburkala takmičarski duh novopečenih majki je i gubitak težine nakon poroda. Tako je 27 posto njih priznalo da su koristile brze dijete i iscrpljujuće vježbe, dok ih je 19 posto više ulagalo u odjeću i izgled. Ipak, i uza sve navedeno, gotovo pola ih se često osjeća kao potpuni promašaj dok svaka četvrta priznaje da osjeća ljubomoru prema nekim drugim majkama.	bs
Ova žena, koja je počela incestuoznu vezu sa sinom Faraijem Mberekom kada je on imao 20 godina objasnila je da je uložila mnogo novca u obrazovanje i budućost svog sina da bi sada druga žena polagala pravo na njega i da više voli da se ona uda za njega.	bs
"Znao sam da ce biti tesko, ali nakon sto sam poslao svoje bombe znao sam da cu ga povrijediti", rekao je Haye i dodao:	bs
Na ovaj praznik koji traje nedjelju dana, okupljaju se porodice, posjećuju hramovi i svi uživaju u gastronomskim specijalitetima.	bs
Vratimo se na sami početak. Imao je Simo Milutinović Sarajlija ulicu u sarajevskoj opštini Stari Grad i prije II svjetskog rata. A ime joj je vraćeno 20. augusta 1945. godine. I traje još uvijek. Čime Sarajlije treba da se ponose! (D. Bajramović)	bs
Giorgio Ursini je tom prilikom istakao da Festival već pet godina pregovara sa Angélicom Liddel, koju će publika vidjeti večeras u Narodnom pozorištu.	bs
Do incidenta je došlo kada je pomenuti glavni sudija ovog susreta dosudio penal za domaću ekipu “Poleta” nakon čega su ga opkolili gostujući nogometaši i oštro protestovali, pa je mladi sudija bio primoran susret prekinuti.	bs
"U mnogim slučajevima, ovom reekshumacijom se kompletiraju tijela, ali u izvjesnom broju slučajeva ta tijela još uvjek ostaju nekompletna. O tome dakle odlučuju porodice, da li ukopati nekompletne ostatke ili sačekati", rekao je Kešetović i dodao da radove na ovoj reekshumaciji planiraju završiti do 17. decembra.	bs
Vlasnici su imali obavezu da hrane, liječe i disciplinuju svog Tamagotchija ili bi se on razbolio i uginuo u roku od nekoliko časova. Dokumentovani su slučajevi snažnog povezivanja vlasnika sa svojim "ljubimcima".	bs
Litvanija je na kraju prvog poluvremena imala 23 poena prednosti, a rezultat prije odlaska na odmor bio je 44:21.	bs
'Nisam uživala drogirajući se. Nije mi se sviđao gubitak kontrole', rekla je.	bs
Kvadratni metar u ovoj zgradi, čiji je investitor Raiffeisen banka, košta oko 4.000 KM, a Čola je kupio stan od oko 80 kvadrata. Inače, Čolić se prije dvije godine sa porodicom uselio u luksuznu vilu sa bazenom u beogradskom naselju Košutnjak, čija je izgradnja trajala nekoliko godina, a koja je popularnog pjevača koštala 850.000 eura! (M.D.)	bs
Prema njegovoj ocjeni, Republika Srpska se sasvim normalno ponašala tokom priprema i realizacije popisa, a slično su prema ovoj građanskoj obavezi postupili i politički predstavnici hrvatskog naroda u BiH.	bs
Dodajmo još malo statističkih podataka kada je u pitanju Edin, a koji kažu da je čak 17 pogodaka postigao u gostima, a 12 na domaćem terenu. Edin je postigao i 16 pogodaka provodeći svih 90 minuta na terenu, što je bilo veoma rijetko, a statistike pokazuju kako je tek osam golova, od 29, postigao u prvom poluvremenu.	bs
Osim problema sa objavama, Timeline je nekim kompanijama uzrokovao i probleme sa njihovim fanovima. Naime, kako prenose u Seattle Timesu, neki su korisnici napali administratore fan stranica, ali i same brandove negodujući zbog njihova prelaska na Timeline i novog izgleda – vjerovatno nisu svjesni činjenice da je ovaj način prikaza profila sada obavezan za sve fan stranice.	bs
Prema drugom, to bi tijelo moglo biti veličine Marsa (oko pola veličine Zemlje) koje se kreće po vrlo izduženoj orbiti, pa povremeno dođe na 'samo' osam milijardi kilometara od Sunca.	bs
Prema planu Federalnog ministarstva, ta isplata će biti u trećoj dekadi ovog mjeseca.	bs
Pravnici kažu da je to prvi slučaj da neko traži naknadu za dati novac za zaštitu od nekog šefa jakuza, a uslijedio je u vrijeme kada je vlasnik drugog bara započeo pravni postupak protiv Ssinode, tvrdeći da su s njim povezani kriminalci spalili njegov objekat kada je obio da plati novac za zaštitu.	bs
U saobraćajnoj nesreći sudjelovao je autobus preduzeća "Bregava trans" i dva osobna vozila.	bs
Na osnovu saglasnosti tužioca i usmene naredbe sudije Osnovnog suda u Sokocu izvršen je pretres kuće i pratećih objekata koje koristi Dž.D. i tom prilikom je nađena izvjesna količina vojne opreme: 18 praznih okvirova za poluautomatsku i automatsku pušku, 15 metaka različitog kalibra, pribor za čišćenje oružja i jedna kašika od ručne bombe.	bs
Široki bokovi, a uzak struk najbolje opisuju tijelo pješčanog sata, no ova iznimno ženstvena figura ne trpi sve modele traperica posebice one visokog struka koje valja izbjegavati. Ovaj kroj bokove stavlja u prvi plan i vizualno povećava već prirodno naglašene obline.	bs
Iako poruku ovog tipa obično upućuje Vijeće za međuvjerski dijalog, papa Francisko I je izrazio želju da lično uputi najljepše želje muslimanima širom svijeta, povodom nastupajućeg Ramazanskog bajrama.	bs
''Sporazum o telekomunikacijama, takođe, sadrži i sporazum o frekfencijama, što će Kosovu omogućiti da ubrzano radi na planu digitalizacije'', kazala je zamjenica premijera, te dodala:	bs
Lijepa Banjalučanka je slavila u konkurenciji 51 djevojke, a ovo takmičenje se smatra za jednim od najprestižnijem na svijetu. Inače, lijepa Armina rođena je 1987. u Banjoj Luci, a sa 11 godina je otputovala u Ameriku, a trenutno živi u gradu Sellersburg, piše Scsport.ba.	bs
Uz naređenje za iseljenje, stanovnicima je ostavljeno svega nekoliko dana da se isele iz domova.	bs
Promjene na DNA nisu bile prave genske mutacije, već tzv. epigenetske promjene staničnih materijala koje se nalaze povrh gena. Prijašnje su studije pokazale kako se te epigenetske promjene mogu prenositi sa generacije na generaciju.	bs
Za sve dodatne informacije kontaktirajte nas na broj tel: 061-377-566.	bs
Ni Ashton ni Demi se nisu zvanično oglasili povodom ovih glasina o prevari i razvodu, ali na svojim Twitter profilima redovno demantuju ove navode.	bs
Google se još uvijek nije oglasio, ali korisnici imaju problema sa logovanjem, usporenim radom i prjavljenim greškama.	bs
Držeći se jednog proteinskog dana sedmično možete odmah da izgubite od pola do jednog kilograma i da se tako oslobodite viška koji se nakupio.	bs
I unutar Crkve i Vatikana ima onih koji smatraju da i međugorski fenomen ulazi u opšte crkvene kriterije koje je Kongregacija za nauk vjere usvojila 1978. za određivanje ukazanja. Sama činjenica da je Međugorje ostvarilo velike duhovne plodove možda bi mogla prevagnuti na vagi ocjene samoga fenomena. Moglo bi se dogoditi i da Međugorje bude zbog toga za sada proglašeno marijanskim svetištem, ali ne zbog ukazanja	bs
Ovaj potez je mnoge podsjetio na situaciju kada su zvijezde "Prijatelja" tražile milion dolara po epizodi za zadnju sezonu serije, a valja spomenuti i kako su zvijezde "Teorije" prve tri sezone primale relativno malene honorare od 60 hiljada dolara po epizodi, prenosi Index.	bs
"Umjesto toga, ljudi umiru od sekundarnih tumora porijeklom iz prvih malignih ćelija, koje su u mogućnosti da putuju i koloniziraju vitalne organe u tijelu, kao što su pluća ili mozak", rekao je Mayor i dodao:	bs
„Danas je jedan od najuglednijih lidera. Ipak, nije prestao da štiti slabije i manje kulture, posebno one čije su knjige rasuli nevrijeme i ljudski nemari. Nije nas zaboravio ovdje na Bistriku, a nismo ni mi njega“, kazao je Suljović.	bs
Izravnavanje guste i valovite kose prilikom feniranja ćeš postići okruglom termo četkom. Dugoj kosi odgovaraju veće četke (skladno tome kraćoj kosi manje) sa mješavinom prirodnih i sintetičkih dlaka.	bs
Ona je navela da u posljednjih osam godina, koliko “Željo“ radi, u kafani nije bilo nikakvih incidenata.	bs
Nakon što ju je voditeljica pitala o dijamantu koji je navodno dobila od Taylora, Campbellova to nije negirala, već je kratko odgovorila: „Ne želim da budem umiješana u slučaj tog čovjeka. On je napravio neke užasne stvari i ne želim da dovodim svoju porodicu u opasnost.“	bs
Ovu tvrdnju prvi je zagovarao Vinston Čerčil u svojim memoarima za koje je dobio Nobelovu nagradu za književnost, gdje na primjeru generala fon Sekta pokazuje kako je njemački Generalštab i pored versajskih zabrana, krojio ratne planove, i sa nenaoružanim i neuniformisanim vojnicima izvodio vojne vježbe protiv fantomskih neprijateljskih divizija.	bs
Šljivančanin kaže da mu je odlazak u Haag bilo prvo putovanje u inostranstvo, da su ga srbijanske vlasti izručile u papučama i bermudama i da se zbog toga osjećao kao šibicar. Upravnik zatvora Timoti Mekfeden sažaljivo ga je gledao i rekao da bi mu dao odijelo, ali da nije imao broja za njega.	bs
Kada za reprezentaciju BiH debituje i Kolašinac, Sušić će riješiti i poziciju lijevog beka, na kojoj su do sada igrali Sejad Salihović i Senad Lulić.	bs
"Tokom pregovora dok je plan pravljen nije bilo nikakve saradnje sa Srbijom, srpskim profesionalcima je bilo zaprijećeno da će izgubiti svoje poslove, ukoliko budu surađivali. Kolege i ja smo željeli da imamo najbolju moguću zaštitu manjina, naročito za srpsku zajednicu, i ne vjerujem da ćete naći bolje mehanizme zaštite od onih u planu. Nije krivica plana, već stavovi ljudi", naglasio je Ahtisari.	bs
Njegov prvi rad "Usamljeni glas čoveka" osvojio je brojne nagrade, ali nije bio prihvaćen kao diplomski rad zbog već spomenutih antiruskih ideja.	bs
"Sarajevu pripada uloga favorita, ali i mi smo na posljednje dvije utakmice igrali dobro i ostvarili zadovoljavajuće rezultate, tako da sigurno možemo iznenaditi."	bs
U avionu je bilo 292 putnika i 16 članova posade, izvijestio je Reuters, koji su odmah nakon slijetanja evakuisani putem tobogana na napuhivanje.	bs
U njemu Jodie Foster, Kate Winslet, Christoph Waltz i John C. Reilly glume dva bračna para iz Brooklyna koji se upoznaju nakon tučnjave njihove djece na igralištu.	bs
Amerikanke su planirale nastup u dublu prvi put nakon tri godine, a za turnir u Parizu dobile su pozivnicu organizatora. Venus Williams je u pojedinačnoj konkurenciji eliminirana u prvom kolu kada je poražena od Poljakinje Urszule Radwanski, a Serena se plasirala u treće kolo.	bs
Uviđajem je utvrđeno da je Žarko Radovanović u svojoj porodičnoj kući izvršio najvjerovatnije krivično djelo ubistvo svoje supruge Stane, poslije čega je zapalio svoja dva putnička automobila, a zatim pokušao zapaliti jednu porodičnu kuću svog komšije, nakon čega je u dvorištu svog rođaka izvršio samoubistvo, potvrđeno je u CJB Bijeljina uz navođenje inicijala učesnika ove porodične tragedje.	bs
Koliko god sićušni bili, ranice i čirevi na jeziku znaju biti strahovito bolni. Osobama koje su sklonije toj pojavi ponekad je dovoljno da se ugrizu za jezik, dobiju temperaturu ili pak pojedu nešto kiselo i – eto problema!	bs
Što vi očekujete od (sezonskog) posla načelno je poznata stvar. Stoga u molbi za posao ili u sažetku životopisa radije istaknite svoje osnovne kvalifikacije i vještine – to će poslodavcu najbolje dočarati jeste li osoba koju traži i što mu možete ponuditi.	bs
Mercedes je riješio da napravi hrabar potez i novu A klasu dizajnira vrlo slično prototipu koji smo imali prilike da vidimo ranije. Zato praktično i ne liči ni na jedan putnički automobil štutgartskog proizvođača, već prije na neki njihov SLS. Kvalitet izrade i materijala su neupitni a stilom, komforom i atmosferom u kabini, novi model se mnogo udaljio od prethodne generacije.	bs
Neko od zaposlenih proslijedio je sadržaj Cookovog e-maila redakciji specijalizovanog tehnološkog portala "9to5Mac".	bs
Stručnjaci tvrde da su one jedan od glavnih krivaca za gljivične infekcije pa čak i infekcije urinarnog trakta kod žena jer potpomažu prenošenje bakterija od rektuma do uretre.	bs
Sekularni bestseler Reze Aslana, Zelot, drugim riječima njegovo viđenje Isusovog života unutar političkog konteksta vremena u kom je živio, nesumnjivo je i napisan sa namjerom da podigne prašinu, a možda i da zabrine; iza njega svakako stoji velika izdavačka kuća i hrpa intervjua u prominentnim medijskim emisijama.	bs
Uz ovaj dvojac, odbranu čine još dvojica hrvatskih reprezentativaca, Vedran Čorluka (Lokomotiva Moscow) iz Dervente i Zeničanin Dejan Lovren, koji nastupa u Southamptonu.	bs
Opsjednuta je svakim detaljem te velike noći, okrenuvši svoj njujorški stan u prostor za probu Oscara.	bs
Žan Marlot je rođen je u Sarajevu 25. septembra 1964. godine. Akademiju scenskih umjetnosti završio je u rodnom gradu. Bio je stalni član Kamernog teatra 55, ali je radio i na scenama Narodnog pozorišta i Sarajevskog ratnog teatra.	bs
Ako niste vješti u nanošenju umjetnih trepavica i već vam se događalo da vam trepavice skliznu s ruba kapka, isprobajte ovaj trik. Nanesite ljepilo na trepavice i pričekajte 30 sekundi. Ljepilo će se zgusnuti što će vam olakšati nanošenje.	bs
Kako je lijepo usporedio voditelj istraživanja Joe Tsien, učenje i pamćenje novih informacija kod starijih ljudi izgleda kao kad nešto zapisujete na novine, umjesto na prazan list bijelog papira.	bs
«Dodikov uticaj je bio vidljiv u funkcionisanju svih dosadašnjih premijera, a naročito je bio izražen u 'vladi novih impulsa' zato i ne čudi njegova burna reakcija kada je saznao za 'izdaju'. Po Cvijanovićki je sasuo rafal uvreda i teških riječi, naprosto je izgubio glavu», kaže za SB izvor iz vrha SNSD-a.	bs
Dok se uspinjemo putem, promiču boje zlatne jeseni, dan je sunčan kao da je ljeto i počinjem vjerovati da, čim se čovjek u ovoj BiH odmakne od politike, stvari, predjeli i ljudi imaju bolje i sretnije lice.	bs
Nokti su ogledalo muškarca. Po njima vidimo da li je muškarac stvarno uredan ili nije. Lijepo oblikovani i čisti nokti mogu puno pomoći u šarmiranju žene, a oni neuredni rade upravo suprotno.	bs
Danas je u Bosni i Hercegovini bilo umjereno do pretežno oblačno vrijeme.	bs
Pedijatar Snježana Gajić, majka Tatjane i Milane, rekla je da je snaga ljubavi nešto što je, osim novca, potrebno djevojčicama i cijeloj porodici.	bs
Također, Komadina je napomenuo da je predstava puna simbolike, da u sebi ima nekoliko slojeva koje je potrebno otkriti, a koji se itekako tiču i našeg odnosa prema nedavnoj ratnoj prošlosti, odnosno prošlosti s kojom se moramo suočiti da bismo počeli liječiti rane.	bs
Kako je otkrila ljepotica, njihova veza loše se završila po glumca.	bs
Vrijednost štednje građana u bankama je na kraju augusta ove godine iznosila 6,79 milijardi KM, što predstavlja rast od oko 300 miliona KM u odnosu na kraj prethodne godine, još toliko novca nalazi se po čarapama.	bs
-Nemamo nikakvih primanja. Suprug unosi ćumur, radi na dnevnicu, ali otkako je nastupila zima niko ga ne zove niti ima posla. Da nemamo obrok iz Narodne kuhinje crkli bi od gladi! - govori ona.	bs
Prijetnje su, kako se navodi, upućene i predsjedniku Hrvatske Ivi Josipoviću.	bs
"Ako gledamo isto vrijeme prošle godine, to se ne može usporediti. Prema mojoj slobodnoj procjeni, nema ni deset posto turista koji idu iz BiH u Hrvatsku u odnosu na ovaj datum 2012", uvjerava novinare T-Portala jedan stariji mještanin Doljana.	bs
"Za vrijeme prvog Božića u kućnom pritvoru, Majklu je dozvoljeno da dođe da me vidi ali nijesu pustili djecu“, priča ona.	bs
Dva predsjednika su prisustvovala otvaranju Dvanaestih dana hrvatske knjige i riječi "Balint Vujkov", najveće književne manifestacija vojvođanskih Hrvata.	bs
Ne morate da se učlanjujete u fitnes program ili kupovati fensi tegove, možete da napravite sami kućnu teretanu sa vašim programom.	bs
Sinoć je u akciji Boss, koju provodi Državna agencija za istrage i zaštitu priveden Anes Sadiković, poznat kao "kralj šverca tekstilom", koji je bio povezan sa nekadašnjim direktorom Uprave za indirektno oporezivanje BiH Kemalom Čauševićem, javila je Federalna televizija.	bs
Old Trafford spreman je večeras proslaviti 20. naslov prvaka.	bs
Stoga smatraju da je njihova aplikacija krivo protumačena te da su odabrani kao žrtveni jarci da bi se potakla diskusija o pitanjima vezana uz pravo na privatnost.	bs
Zbog toga je još svemu dano dva dana, a potom bi u ponedjeljak sve trebalo postati službeno i finansijski poznato, makar je već sada jasno da će bogati PSG isplatiti Milanu 62 miliona eura.	bs
Isprovociran rekao kako je dosta tih sranja. Incident nisu komentirali ni na RTL-u ni u Uredu predsjednika.	bs
U početku će se Wally polako vezati za Sebastiana i primjećivati kako obojica imaju slično ponašanje, postupke i sklonosti ka hipohondriji.	bs
Na desetu godišnjicu smrti rahmetli Alije Izetbegovića, u godini kada se obilježava i 30 godina od montiranog Sarajevskog procesa u kojem je bio osuđen zajedno sa prvim predsjednikom nezavisne BiH, za agenciju Anadolija govori i Hasan Čengić.	bs
Održana je i premijera filma rumunskog režisera Radu Judea 'Svi iz naše porodice' koji je premijerno prikazan u Narodnom pozorištu.	bs
Oaza se našla među 62 ostala izložena proizvoda koja su ušla u uži izbor ocjene kvaliteta, a koja je vršena na Poljoprivredno-prehrambenom fakultetu Univerziteta u Sarajevu. Analizirao se hemijski sastav mineralne vode Oaze. Ocjenjivanje je obavljeno i na degustaciji od strane degustacione grupe potrošača u hotelu "Dubrovnik" u Zenici. Također, ocjenu je donio i žiri ZEPS-a za cjelovitost proizvoda.	bs
S nekoliko godina zakašnjenja, Uprava za indirektno oporezivanje odlučila je reagirati: ograničila je broj carinskih prijelaza i naredila strogu kontrolu i primjenu propisa uvoznog carinjenja. Identične mjere nekoliko godina ranije primijenile su i sve susjedne države u kojim je također bio rasprostranjen šverc odjevnog smeća.	bs
Prema podacima prijedorskih bošnjačkih nevladinih organizacija, u proteklom ratu ubijeno je 3.174 Bošnjaka iz Prijedora, od kojih se još traga za 952 osobe.	bs
Aleksandar se dva sata nakon nesreće, u pratnji advokata i oca, pojavio u policiji. Mitrovićevom sinu je uzeta krv na analizu, a prva vještačenja su pokazala da nije vozio u pijanom stanju.	bs
5. Nakon moždanog udara muškarac postaje digitalni umjetnik	bs
Osim mjesta s UNESCO-ova popisa zasticenih spomenika poput sfinge iz Gizeha, na festivalu ce biti prikazane i slavne osobe poput Michaela Jacksona i Madonne.	bs
Donijelo mu je to pobjedu nad braniteljem naslova Jeremyjem Evansom u finalu subotnje priredbe u Toyota Centeru u Houstonu.	bs
Hirurzi su tek na operacionom stolu shvatili da je ono za šta su mislili da je cista, zapravo bila ruptura jednog od bubrega viška.	bs
Rješenje: Ako baš ne možete izbjeći pizzu, niti ne morate! Poenta je u njenom sastavu – ona sa suhim mesom ili šunkom je kaloričnija od one koja na sebi ima ili povrće, pa se zato radije odlučite za drugu varijantu.	bs
U interijeru su nove presvlake, a potpuno je promijenjena centralna konzola kao i upravljanje sistemom infotainment. Ispod lima detaljeno je dorađen ovjes, koji sad ima poboljšane amortizere, opruge i prigušne blokove. Vožnja je osjetno ugodnija, a prelasci preko neravnina tiši i komforniji. Uz direktniji upravljač dorađena Insignia osjetno je uglađenija. A i sigurnija, s obzirom na to da u ponudi ima gomilu “elektroničkih čuvara”.	bs
Prvo je Džeko glavom paslirao loptu u nebranjeni dio mreže gola Jehlea, a onda je i Misimović u 34. minuti preciznim udarcem povisio na 2:0.	bs
... selekcija s 1:0. Susreti su odigrani u sklopu priprema za učešće na turniru Elitnog kruga kvalifikacija grupe 1, koji će biti održan od 5. do 10. juna u Austriji.	bs
Prema podacima Uprave, ukazuje sarajevski dnevnik, stopa nezaposlenosti u BiH iznosi 44,5 odsto, što je daleko najviše u Evropi.	bs
Tokom istraživanja, koje su radili naučnici sa Univerziteta Canterbury sa Novog Zelanda, od ispitanika se tražilo da poredaju aktivnosti koje ih najviše ispunjavaju u tri kategorije - zadovoljstvo, uključenost i značenje. Seks je na sve tri liste završio na prvom mjestu.	bs
Voditelj istraživanja Eli J.Finkel objašnjava: "Online upoznavanje je sjajna prilika da samci upoznaju potencijalne partnere. Ali postoje dva problema. Prvi je taj da profili na raznim servisima za upoznavanje ne otkrivaju baš mnogo. Drugi problem je taj da tih profila ima zaista mnogo, pa pojedinci ne znaju koga bi odabrali i na kraju dignu ruke od svega", prenosi Tportal.	bs
Iako se igrači u poznijim godinama odlučuju za odlazak u neku "egzotičnu" ligu (američka, kineska, katarska...), moglo bi se dogoditi da Klose na zalasku karijere navuče dres ponajbolje momčadi današnjice, ali i svih vremena.	bs
Vještak sudske medicine koji je takođe pozvan i trebao bi da utvrdi uzroke smrti.	bs
Real je poveo golom Higuaina u 11. minutu, a prednost je uvećao Cristiano Ronaldo osam minuta kasnije.	bs
Apple i AT&T nisu dali službeni komentar na najnoviji razvoj situacije.	bs
Koja je važnija “strana” fenomena terorizma – to što ga slabo prepoznajemo i osvješćujemo kada smo mi sami nasilnici, ili što nemamo snage da se izborimo sa tim klaustrofobičnim, zadatim prostorom u kojem su danas smješteni naši životi?	bs
U Velikoj Britaniji je upoznavanje na internetu treći najpopularniji način za upoznavanje partnera.	bs
Dio tog programa je i jahanje konja, što je kao terapija specifičan i izuzetno uspješan oblik tretmana i rehabilitacije osoba s invaliditetom. Za svoje članove UG CDP KS organizirat će u julu ljetovanje u Zaostrogu u odmaralištu koje je prilagođeno za osobe s invaliditetom.	bs
Prijašnji rekord za ovu dionicu trajao je 14 sekundi, a Basarić je danas na Španskom trgu spomenutu dionicu prešao za 12,674 sekundi.	bs
Za one koji se toga ne budu pridržavali, propisane su globe u iznosu od 2.000 do 20.000 maraka.	bs
„Moja prva impresija ove izložbe i ono što me fascinira je poveznica između Mostara i Anadolije. Za nekoga ko ne poznaje Mostar i Tursku, imao bi osjećaj da se radi o jednom prostoru. Fotografije prikazuju da je autor duboko doživio ono što nam je pokazao fotografijama“, kazao je Pavlović. On je dodao da svaki kulturološki događaj u Mostaru oplemenjuje ne tako lijepu stvarnost i doprinosi duhovnom doživljaju ovog grada.	bs
Tomić je striktno protiv toga da javnost pogleda Kačavendin porno-film i misli da to i ne bi bilo fer.	bs
10. Riješite se svih loših namirnica iz kuhinje, ispraznite frižider i eliminišite sve što sabotira vaš cilj.	bs
Takođe, ne smijem zanemariti ni to da je uz nagradu obično dodijeljena i određena suma novca - ni mi animatori ne živimo od have. Jednostavno, svako podržavanje gledalaca je veoma važno i dobrodošlo, i pomoći će u odluci o proizvodnji novog filma.	bs
Stručnjaci zbog toga ističu da je čak i neškolovana kućna pomoćnica bolji izbor za "druženje" sa malim djetetom nego što je to televizor.	bs
Jel ti to dođe u trenutku da smisliš “Vedatore” i “Ljubi te majka”, ili to mozgaš prije, s predumišljajem?	bs
11. Ne vičite! To nikad ne uspijeva, a povrjeđuje i vas i druge. Svaki put kad sam vikao, doživio sam neuspjeh.	bs
Naredni susret naše juniorke odigraće protiv Malte 26. septembra u 15 sati na stadionu FK „Srem“ u Jakovu.	bs
„Kao i uvijek do sada, želja nam je da ovaj svjetski praznik iskoristimo kako bi posjetili zajednicu koliko je važan partnerski odnos, ali i da onima kojima je materijalna ili financijska podrška potrebna, istu pružimo.	bs
- Obojica su perači automobila i fizički su vrlo slični - rekao je Lima.	bs
- Sudbina je tako htjela da mi kćerka nastrada. Najviše bih volio da su se Andrea i Aleksandar upoznali i družili, nezavisno od toga čiji je on sin. Ne mogu nikoga da krivim za ovu tragediju. Nesreća se dogodila baš na toj ukletoj raskrsnici, na kojoj je mnogo ljudi stradalo, kaže kaže otac nastradale devojke.	bs
Blago (28) uspjeh bh. momčadi vidi kao uspjeh jedne kvalitetne generacije.	bs
Pokušajte se opustiti. Jednostavnije je reći nego učiniti. Možete biti zamoljeni da napravite više posla nego inače ili da ostanete par sati duže na poslu. Možda smatrate da niste cijenjeni koliko zaslužujete, ali budite strpljivi. Ne dozvolite da vas obuzmu bijes i frustracije. Vaš posao nije iznimka, ovakve stvari se događaju na svakom radnom mjestu, prihvatite činjenicu i opustite se.	bs
Ljekari su mu novi nos uzgojili tako da su mu na čelo smjestili ekspander tkiva kože koji su izrezali u obliku nosa, a učvrstili su ga hrskavicom iz rebara, piše Daily Mail. Kirurzi kažu da se nos razvio dobro i da će ga uskoro transplantirati.	bs
15% - Ne osjećam se dobro zbog toga. Pomalo sam sumnjičav jer se bojim što zapravo skriva šminkom...	bs
Iako su i u štrajku obavezni održavati minimalno 70 posto linija, tramjavi, trolejbusi autobusi još uvijek ne saobraćaju.	bs
Americki predsjednik Barack Obama najavio je plan ogranicavanja velicine banaka i opseg njihovih aktivnosti, cime bi se potpuno promijenio danasnji finansijski poredak.	bs
Iako se mišljenja razlikuju po pitanju krivice, postoji manje-više konsenzus po pitanju uzroka svjetske ekonomske krize.	bs
TVSA saznaje kako vozila GRAS-a izlaze iz kruga kako bi se uključili u javni gradski prijevoz, čime se završava agonija građana Sarajeva koja je trajala osam dana.	bs
Treći pravac aktivnosti bit će donošenje novog zakona o finansijskoj konsolidaciji koji bi obezbijedio finansijsku stabilnost Željeznica, te ugrađivanje u cijenu nafte i derivata pet feninga po litru namijenjenih za financiranje željezničke infrastrukture jer taj segment u Željeznicama FBiH nije osiguran, a to je obaveza države kako po evropskim direktivama tako i po domaćem zakonodavstvu.	bs
Opšte je poznato tako da ljeti ne možete proći od brojnih Islanđana koji prosto zaposjednu svaki kutak, kupuju čibuke i fotografišu se pored Sebilja, a prema podacima Agencije, po dužini ostanka u BiH iza Islanđana koji u prosjeku ostaju 4,5 dana, slijede Iranci sa četiri, pa Irci koji u BiH ostaju 3,8 dana u prosjeku.	bs
"Porina" za životno djelo dobio je Rajko Dujmić, koji je s "Novim fosilima" na dodjeli u riječkoj dvorani "Zamet" izveo pjesme "Milena", "Košulja plava", "Ja sam za ples" i "Za dobra stara vremena". Cetinski je aplaudirao samo Dujmiću kad mu je dodijeljen "Porin".	bs
Prijedlog novog zakona sasvim je opravdano naišao na velik otpor među poklonicima električnih vozila, kojima se priključio čak i General Motors, američki proizvođač čiji Volt niti ne spada u grupu vozila koja bi se dodatno oporezivala.	bs
Akcioni plan OECD sadrži 15 inicijativa koje bi opremile poreske organe širom svijeta sredstvima za borbu protiv nekih poteza koje lideri zemalja vide kao "najrasprostranjenije metode zloupotreba" kojima se koriste multinacionalne kompanije.	bs
Budući da je bivši Marinin partner živio u inostranstvu, daljina je učinila svoje. Iako je želio brak sa pjevačicom, nije želio život u Srbiji, pa je sve ostalo na željama.	bs
Tadić je ocijenio da sastavljanje popisa s imenima istaknutih kulturnih radnika koje se optužuje da su nositelji i izvršitelji pogubne antisrpske politike predstavlja skandalozan, anticivilizacijski čin koji je u najstrašnijem obliku već viđen u doba nacizma.	bs
„Djeca bi, da savladaju i to gradivo, u školi ostajala dva časa duže. I zašto, ako im se u školske knjižice ne bi upisivao bosanski jezik. To je apsurdno i mi takvu neravnopravnost nećemo prihvatiti“, rekao je Smajlović.	bs
Kako su saopćili organizatori, u proteklih pet dana pod motom "Uči, radi, zabavi se", studenti i studentice iz BiH i regiona slušali su predavanja gostiju iz Hrvatske, Srbije, Slovenije, Njemačke, Turske i Sjedinjenih Američkih Država, te su pored radionica predstavljali svoje umijeće na PechaKucha večerima.	bs
Bratušekova je predstavljajući svoj program u parlamentu, najavila da bi glavni cilj nove vlade bio normalizacija političkih prilika, vraćanje optimizma i zaokret u odnosu na prestroge mjere štednje u javnoj potrošnji, na kojima je insistirala Janšina vlada, a koje su se, kako je istakla, pokazale neuspješnim.	bs
Tako je u UN-u 8. januara 1992. godine donesena rezolucija kojom je potvrđen embargo na uvoz oružja za BiH, a koji je ranije donesen za prostor bivše Jugoslavije. Time je Bošnjacima praktično zabranjeno da se brane, jer su srpske snage imale naoružanje bivše Jugoslavenske narodne armije (JNA).	bs
Muški (i ženski) dio prisutne publike je mogao da uživa, ali ne i fotoreporteri.	bs
Podsjećamo da su ovim javnim pozivom popisne komisije opština i gradova pozvale sve zainteresovane kandidate da se prijave za obavljanje poslova opštinskih instruktora i popisivača u sprovođenju popisa stanovništva, domaćinstava i stanova u BiH ove godine.	bs
Između 2004. i 2006. godine, izlaze njegova 3 najpoznatija albuma – „Der Bozz“, „One“ i „Game Over“, te sva 3 ulaze u top 10 na muzičkim listama.	bs
"Nje više nema, živite u prošlosti. Odavno je uginula, mislim da je i njeno tele uginulo", izjavio je Federer.	bs
Košarkašice Jedinstva savladale su ekipu Slobode sa 69:67 u derbi susretu sedmog kola ženske košarkaške Lige 6 za prvaka Bosne i Hercegovine.	bs
Jedan od njih je zadržan na promatranju, dok su četiri navijača zadobila lakše tjelesne povrede.	bs
Nikolić je naveo da ne želi da mu predsjednik Republike Srpske pomaže da ostane na vlasti.	bs
Vujanović, koji je predsjednički kandidat Demokratske partije socijalista i aktuelni šef države, kazao je da je njegova pobjeda na izborima za predsjednika Crne Gore čista, ali je pozvao svoje pristalice da prije slavlja sačekaju konačne rezultate koje će saopstiti DIK.	bs
Široki Brijeg u prvenstvu kasni 7 bodova i uz relativno težak raspored, nemaju velike izglede da se na kraju nađu na tronu. Stoga je kvalitetan dvomeč u Kupu prioritet za tim Marijana Bloudeka koji u posljednje vrijeme također bilježi rast forme.	bs
Seka je na svoj Tviter profil postavila fotografije, na kojima je u svojoj privatnoj teretani, gdje pomoću sprave radi vježbe koje su preporučene za jačanje nogu.	bs
* GLAS: Pratite li društveno-kulturnu situaciju u Republici Srpskoj? Da li ste razmišljali možda i o proširenju serije i na Republiku Srpsku?	bs
Na popularnoj internetskoj stranici Rotten Tomatoes „Django“ ima 89 posto pozitivnih ocjena, a već je zauzeo svoje mjesto na listi najboljih filmova svih vremena prema izboru korisnika najpopularnije internetske filmske stranice – imdb.com.	bs
Naime na ”Stown College” je postojao kurs koji je predvodio Alan Rankin (producent i nekadašnji član Associates) u okviru kojeg su se svake godine objavljivali singlovi za školsku etiketu ”Electric Honey”.	bs
Cameron Bay ima poprilično debeo policijski dosje; optuživana je 17 puta, a čak je u zatvoru provela 18 mjeseci.	bs
Najviše nominacija, njih 11, osvojio je film „Hugo“ Martina Scorsesea.	bs
Mavsinram, država Megalaja, Indija - 11.871 mm (padavina godišnje)	bs
Otkrili smo i ono što je to što ova mlada dama ne voli i ne priželjkuje. Kazala nam je u neformalnom razgovoru da ne podnosi tri ključne stvari, a to su: laž, umišljenost i usisavanje, prenosi haber.	bs
Naime, ni preventivna dvostruka mastektomija nije uspjela da joj ukloni strah.	bs
Lideri pet najjačih stranaka u FBiH nakon višečasovnog sastanka u Sarajevu, kojem je prisustvovao i Sorensen, nisu postigli dogovor o rješavanju pitanja "Sejdić-Finci", ali su istakli da će nastojati da u narednih 48 časova u Briselu nađu modalitet na osnovu ranije potpisanih principa.	bs
Ali, dok se Brawn nećka, McLaren je ozbiljno zagrizao za Buttona. Mogućnost da britanski tim ima dva britanska pilota, novog i svjetskog prvaka iz 2008., šefu McLarena Martinu Whitmarshu se čini kao zlatna koka. Marketinški bi to bio jedan od najboljih poteza.	bs
Profesor medicinskog fakulteta na Harvardu George Church, jedan od pionira projekta ljudskog genoma, vjeruje kako može rekonstruisati DNK Neandertalaca i ponovno oživjeti ovu izgubljenu vrstu.	bs
On navodi da se probe realiziraju u najboljem mogućem redu, uz super atmosferu, te da su svi glumci na okupu predvođeni Emirom Hadžihafizbegovićem, uz Admira Glamočaka, Dragana Jovičića, Feđu Štukana, Amara Selimovića, Muhameda Hadžovića i Sabinu Bambur.	bs
"Za sada niko zvanično nije tražio da priznamo nezavisnost Kosova i Metohije. Uređujemo zemlju po evropskim standardima, koji nam pomažu da sprovedemo reforme i uredimo Srbiju na demokratskim principima", istakao je on.	bs
Muhizin Omerović, jedan od roditelja, za Agenciju Fena je kazao da roditelji još imaju stpljenja te da će čekati reakciju Inzka i Burtona, ali da to neće trajati još dugo.	bs
Pored toga što je sa Jacksonom sarađivao na hitovima kao što je “Dirty Diana”, Stevens je poznat i po muzici koju je pravio za film “Brzina” i drugi dio “Matrix” trilogije. Za čuvenu temu iz “Top Guna” dobio je “Grammy” nagradu.	bs
„Ako želite da utvrdite kako u nekoj zemlji stoje stvari sa ljudskim pravima, pogledajte gdje su aktivisti za ljudska prava”, kaže Havadža, čiji je otac pod optužbom „terorizma” 2011. osuđen na doživotnu robiju, dva brata su takođe u zatvoru, a sestra joj je uhapšena u avgustu osumnjičena da je pocijepala sliku kralja.	bs
Prenos snage bit će izveden pomoću automatskog mjenjača sa sedam stepeni prenosa i pogona na sva četiri točka. Ova će kombinacija značajno smanjiti ubrzanje do stotke, koje kod standardne verzije AMG A45 iznosi 4,6 sekundi.	bs
pojedinačnom slučaju u kojem postoji opravdana sumnja u postojanje sukoba	bs
Predsjednica Well Go kompanije Doris Pfardrescher je izjavila da su veoma počastvovani što učestvuju u promociji filma "1911", ne samo zbog njegovog historijskog značaja već i zbog toga što je to100. film Jackiea Chana.	bs
Španac nije negirao dolazak Raikkonena u Ferrari, ali je rekao sljedeće:	bs
Samo zato što se tu i tamo čujemo s nekim s kim nismo u vezi, ne znači da smo nevjerni. Ali tako to djeluje nesigurnim ljudima, pa je svađa o tome zbog čega se dopisujemo s nekim jako česta, i jako iritantna.	bs
Inače, Uprava za inspekcijske poslove i Plovna jedinica započeli su veliku kontrolu skutera duž rivijere, te zaplijenili više plovila.	bs
„Leverkusen je favorit bez obzira što ćemo biti domaćini. Puno su jači nego prošle sezone, posebno u ofanzivi. Radujem se lično duelima sa Spahićem, ali oni neće odlučiti. Za trijumf nad Bayerom bit će nam potreban kolektiv i bespoštedna borba tokom svih 90 minuta susreta. Nikoga se ne plašimo i u svakoj utakmici ići ćemo na pobjedu. Bit će tako i protiv Bayera“, istakao je Ibišević.	bs
Ukupan proces, od pravljenja fesa, kićanke, motanja ahmedije, sa svim pripremama uzima puno vremena, nalglasio je Dučić i dodao kako je dnevno moguće napraviti samo dvije ahmedije.	bs
11. Upoznajte nove ljudi – Uspješni ljudi se ne “umrežavaju” slučajno, to je jednostavno stil života. Gdje god oni bili i šta god oni radili, uvijek će uspjeti uspostaviti nove kontakte.	bs
"Bilo je mnogo zloupotreba u matičnim knjigama od strane bošnjačke vlasti, posebno od 1992. do 1995. godine. Imamo podatke da su brojna državljanstva, poput muftije sandžačkog Muamera Zukorlića i mnogih drugih, nelegalno izdata u Srebrenici", rekao je Pavlović i dodao da postoje saznanja da se u matičnim knjigama državljanstva vode Bošnjaci čija se imena nalaze upisana na spomen-obilježjima u memorijalnom centru u Potočarima.	bs
Možete biti prilično sigurni da je ljeto gotovo kad imate želju i mogućnost radije provesti vrijeme gledajući omiljenu seriju ili sport, umjesto da planirate odlazak na neku samotnu plažu ili na neko piće koje će potrajati cijelu večer. Ljeto je definitivno gotovo kad se počnete zabavljati u zatvorenim prostorima.	bs
Sorbitol, ksilitol i manit su umjetni zaslađivači koje nalazimo u takozvanim dijetetskim pićima i gumama za žvakanje.	bs
Džinovska prostorija ispunjena je od poda do plafona najskupljim dizajnerskim haljinama, krznenim kaputima, skupocjenim torbama i drugim odijevnim predmetima koje slavne holivudske dive i američka finansijska elita smatraju dragocjenim.	bs
Službenici Prve policijske uprave jučer su lišili slobode E. H., rođen 1986. godine iz Sarajeva, zbog postojanja osnova sumnje da počinio krivično djelo lakša tjelesna ozljeda.	bs
1. Portret kraljice Viktorije iz mladosti, djelo mađarskog umjetnika Čarlsa Brokija.	bs
Ipak, priželjkuje djecu no ističe kako ne bi slijedila primjer Charlize Theron i Sandre Bullock, koje su posvojile djecu u svojim 30-ima te ih odgajaju same.	bs
Naravno, nitko nije posebno obraćao pažnju na nasmijano lice koje je napravila od pijeska i školjki već na činjenicu da izgleda odlično, a u obzir valja uzeti i da je majka četvero djece.	bs
Ovo ostvarenje Danisa Tanovića progovara o nevjerovatnoj surovosti društvenog sistema u kojem nema milosti ni za životno ugrožene osobe. Čak ni socijalna služba u ovom slučaju nije mogla pomoći.	bs
- Suvišno je da se ovim zakonom rješavaju pitanja neizmirenja obaveza koje imaju poslodavci, jer je to pitanje regulisano i drugim zakonskim rješenjima, kao što je Zakon o poreskom postupku, kojim su tačno utvrđene sankcije za one koji ne izmiruju svoje obaveze - kazao je portparol Privredne komore RS Vladimir Blagojević.	bs
Zašto je to loše: Seks bi trebalo da bude zabavan, zar ne? Zato se potrudite da traje što duže. Iako je povremeni seks na brzaka i te kako poželjan, nije zanimljivo ako mu uvijek dajete do znanja da požuri kako biste mogle da nastavite sa ppethodno započetim aktivnostima.	bs
Iz Suda navode da su o ovom incidentu obaviještene sve nadležne institucije te da je incident prijavljen i Policijskoj stanici Istočna Ilidža i Agenciji za istrage i zaštitu BiH (SIPA), saopšteno je.	bs
čiji član Nadzornog odbora je bio Zijad Blekić, vlasnik brokerske kuće Eurohaus. Uprkos angažmanu Vranice na izgradnji velikih objekata, kakav je primjerice Avazov Twist Tower, firma je dovedena do stečaja koji je izbjegnut rasprodajom imovine.	bs
Ova trka je na programu u nedjelju na stazi Jeongam, dok su za petak i subotu predviđene kvalifikacije.	bs
“Plasman bh. reprezentacije u Brazil će proizvesti snažan i značajan efekt i na ekonomiju u zemlji jer je današnji globalni svijet blisko povezan i svaki aspekta društva direktno utječe i na ekonomiju i financijsko stanje jedne zemlje”, rekao je prof. Čičić.	bs
Male bašte, posađene i ograđene uz haustore zgrada, osim što zabavljaju njihove vlasnike, služe i kao ukrasi sarajevskih mahala.	bs
Djelo vrijedno 300 miliona dolara pohranjeno je u sef u banci, a finalni rezultati još se čekaju.	bs
Murray je sasvim zasluženo došao do prvog velikog trofeja u karijeri, jer je u finalu, nošen ogromnom podrškom publike, sasvim nadigrao sedmostrukog šampiona Wimbledona. Na putu do olimpijskog zlata bio je bolji i od Novaka Đokovića, kojeg je sa 7:5, 7:5 savladao u polufinalu.	bs
Pod svaku cijenu Štimac je htio biti drugačiji od Bilića. Vaš izbornik Sušić oslonio se na iskusne igrače. Štimac je promijenio pet sustava igre.	bs
On tvrdi da je zakon besmislen i zbog toga što u RS postojeća zakonska rješenja omogućavaju provjeru i oduzimanje nelegalno stečene imovine.	bs
Uz slike, dolazi i detaljna specifikacija telefona koja govori o 4,7 inčnom ekranu, 2 GB RAM memorije i 32 GB memorije za smještaj podataka. Uređaj bi trebao da pokreće Android 4.2, iako taj podatak možda i nije tačan s obzirom na to da Google trenutno priprema Android 4.3, pa nema puno smisla da u novi top smartphone stave "stari" Android.	bs
Počeo je, naime, u noći sa 23. na 24. oktobra, kada je došlo do demonstracija i oružanih sukoba u Budimpešti koji su se proširili na cijelu zemlju. “Tražio se nacionalni suverenitet koji je isključivao prisustvo stranih vojnih trupa”, socijalizam mađarskih boja po uzoru na Jugoslaviju, a to je preraslo u veliku nacionalnu i ljudsku tragediju.	bs
Osim po kvaliteti, Štimac u svojoj svlačionici ima iskustvo, ali i dužinu klupe. Dok je Sušiću alternativa Ivan Sesar koji se nije mogao nametnuti u Dinamovoj B-momčadi , ili Mensur Mujdža koji se nije previše istaknuo u redovima Zagreba, Štimac u svakom trenutku može posegnuti za provjerenim klasama poput Vide, Vukojevića, Kranjčara, Eduarda, Jelavića...”, piše list.	bs
Sarajevo International Guitar Festival je namijenjen svima, od učenika, studenata i profesora, do građana i ljubitelja klasične gitare i klasične muzike općenito.	bs
"Kad umrem, na nadgrobnom spomeniku mi napišite 'Upozoravali smo te na propuh, nisi nas slušao'", kazao bi u šali. Sebe naziva "Bostrancem", i čast mu je što izlaže za Dan grada u koji se zaljubio na prvi pogled. Aferim Jime!	bs
Nakon što je podnijela tužbu protiv portala Index.hr koji je objavio fotografije iz njenog privatnog porno snimka, pjevačica Severina Vučković treba da dobije 27.000 eura.	bs
Međutim, na snimanju nove reklame u Miamiju, posrećio im se pravi "ulov".	bs
Aplicirati možete putem e-maila, gdje će se odvijati i sva daljnja komunikacija.	bs
Iako su se pregovori odužili, nije realno očekivati da će propasti. Iniesta je uvijek isticao da želi završiti karijeru na Camp Nouu, ali je svjestan da će mu ovo biti posljednji veliki ugovor u karijeri i očito želi izvući maksimalno što može.	bs
Da li je Osim najzaslužniji čovjek za plasman na Mundijal 2014?	bs
Ali prema navodima stranice Showbiz Spy, koja se poziva na upućene izvore, zvjezdani je par u neprekidnim svađama, a Will redovno izlazi sam i partija sa muškim društvom.	bs
U Kolumbiji se žale da su se nilski konji prilagodili lokalnim uslovima i da nanose štetu gdje god da se pojave. Napadaju usjeve, domaćinstva. Žrtve ovog novog terora, izniklog iz Escobarovih megalomanskih poseda, neće biti obeštećene. U fondu za sprovođenje zakona o žrtvama narko-terora, nema sredstava za saniranje štete od napada pomahnitalih nilskih konja. (politika.rs)	bs
"Teško mi je da jedem zdravu hranu."	bs
Pojačan rast dlaka kod žena izazvan je jačim lučenjem muškog hormona testosterona izazvanog pušenjem.	bs
Vijest da su šefovi država ili vlada članica EU u martu na samitu u Briselu, zatvorenom za javnost, dodijelili Srbiji status kandidata za članstvo u Uniji prvi je, upravo na Tviteru, saopštio predsjednik Evropskog savjeta Herman van Rompej, a potom su tu vijest potvrdili predstavnici Danske i predsjednik Evropske komisije Žoze Manule Barozo, takođe putem Tvitera.	bs
Sirija je na to odgovorila da će se priključiti međunarodnoj konvenciji, kao dio tog plana.	bs
Dokaz tome je i nova kolekcija kupaćih kostima namijenjena krupnijim ženama koja je putem internet prodaje rasprodana u rekordnom roku.	bs
Doktor znanosti Kljosov tvrdi kako je haplo grupa R1a1 tipična za sve Slavene, no imaju je u značajnoj mjeri i pripadnici najviših kasta u Indiji, a arijevci, "Slaveni koji su s područja Srbije došli do Indije", su na te prostore došli prije oko 3850 godina. Proučavajući postojeće mutacije, zaključio je kako svi Slaveni potiču s Balkana, i to iz današnje Srbije te Bosne i Hercegovine.	bs
Posljednja u nizu diskreditacija bila je njegovo javno saopćenje o nepostojećoj tuči na sjednici KO SDU Sarajevo, što je nezapamćena praksa u bilo kojoj političkoj organizaciji.	bs
Od “Ljutih Krajišnika” oprostili su se i predsjednik Nogometnog/Fudbalskog saveza Bosne i Hercegovine Elmedin Begić, kapiten bh. reprezentacije Emir Spahić, te predstavnici općinske, kantonalne i federalne vlasti.	bs
U međuvremenu, u GRAS-ovom tramvaju je osvanuo novi sistem grijanja koji neodoljivo podsjeća na vrijeme opsade u Sarajevu.	bs
Pored mnogobrojnih rekorda koje Jackson drži, tu je i onaj za najviše TOP 1 pjesama sa jednog albuma ( „Bad“ , 1987).	bs
Više od godinu dana tetoviranja i onda mu se desi ovako nešto…	bs
Od 400 do 1.200 KM platit će osoba koja druge navodi na prosjačenje	bs
Prodaju kompaniji koja nije iz Evrope, stručnjaci tumače kao pokušaj srpske Vlade da nađe partnera za "Jat" koji je prošle godine imao gubitak od 2,5 milijardi dinara /oko 25 miliona evra/, kao i problem sa viškom radnika i dotrajalom flotom.	bs
Nakon Nadalovog odustajanja, branilac titule Juan Martin del Potro biće postavljen za prvog nosioca u Bazelu. Turnir je na programu od 21. do 27. oktobra.	bs
Industrijski kapaciteti u Federaciji BiH konzumirali su 27 posto ukupno uvezenih količina gasa u posmatranom periodu. Ostatak je distribuiran kroz tri distributerske kompanije. Industrijski potrošači potrošili su 71 posto planiranih količina a distribucija je ostvarila 81 posto plana.	bs
Edin Džeko nastavlja da rešeta mreže u Engleskoj.	bs
I žene i muškarci trebaju biti oprezni. Naime, njihova usta i zubi su na vrlo osjetljivom mjestu.	bs
"Grad će biti potpuno transformiran i imat će jednu drugačiju priču. Kada je riječ o likovnom programu dominirat će otvorena vrata svih kulturnih institucija u Sarajevu", kazao je direktor Festivala Ibrahim Spahić na današnjoj konferenciji za medije u Sarajevu.	bs
Optužnica u predmetu Turković i drugi, aktere ovog slučaja tereti za sudjelovanje u pet svirepih ubistava, tri pokušaja ubistva, krijumčarenje narkotika, pljačku 2,5 miliona KM ABS-banke u Cargo centru Međunarodnog aerodroma Sarajevo, te neovlašteni promet oružjem i vojnom opremom, kao i iznudu.	bs
"Oaza" je voda koja je prva iz BiH nagrađivana zlatnim medaljama za kvalitetu i dizajn na jednom od najznačajnijih svjetskih sajmova voda u američkom Berkeley Springsu i to nekoliko godina uzastopno.	bs
"Ove godine smo se mi, uglavnom žene, ujedinile i od ove godine nastupamo zajedno. To će biti bazar na kojem već imamo prijavljenih oko 25 stranih ambasada sa njihovim nacionalnim specijalitetima koji će se prodavati", kazala je Sovaž.	bs
Poznata Sarajka, koja je više od dvije decenije živjela u Italiji, prije nekoliko mjeseci već je vodila tešku bitku s bolešću.	bs
Bosna i Hercegovina se nalazi u dobrom području što se klime tiče, pa je to manje izraženo. Ipak, u ovom mjesecu pored velikih materijalnih šteta, prvi put bilježimo i ljudske žrtve.	bs
Slično kao i sirće djeluje aloe vera. Pored toga što umiruje upale, aloe vera omekšava kožu, a uz to ubrzava zarastanje eventualnih ranica. Zato, ukoliko ljeti koristite britvicu često, obavezno nabavite aloe vera gel. Potrebno je da je samo nanesete u tankom sloju na kožu.	bs
Građani je, kao i prethodnih dana, posmatraju, pričaju joj, ostavljaju novac i stavljaju vizit karte u džep. Prethodnih dana bilo je bračnih i ponuda za posao, a Jelena je na sve ostala nijema.	bs
Jessica Alba, Bono Vox, George Clooney, Annie Lennox i mnogi drugi, snimili su reklamu za organizaciju ONE koja prikuplja sredstva za pomoć afričkim mališanima. Čak 30.000 djece je preminulo u poslednja tri meseca od gladi.	bs
"Za ovo što sam odlučila učiniti i ne postoji neki snažan razlog. Recimo da je to bila moja radoznalost koji sam željela zadovoljiti, no rezultati u me iznenadili. Mislim da je svima već dosta računarsko obrađenih fotografija, možda ih je zato projekt koji ih u širokom luku izbjegava uspio toliko zaintrigirati", kaže Chooo-San.	bs
Kod dječačke građe niti jedan dio tijela nije posebice izražen, što znači da vlasnice ovakve figure u odabiru traperica trebaju izbjegavati one niskog struka koje će stražnjicu prignječiti i vizualsno smanjiti.	bs
Kad je glista "dopuzala" do prednjeg dijela njegovih usta, izvrnuo je usnu i uslikao je nekoliko puta te pokušao saznati o kojem se nametniku radi. Ispostavilo se da on inače napada stoku.	bs
Ćatić je Radoševića na pod poslao u četvrtoj rundi za pobjedu.	bs
"Šta biste učinili u situacijama kada ne postoji rješenje za problem?", pitaju u Microsoftu. Kandidati koji u se u ovoj kompaniji natjecali za posao kažu da je selekcijski proces vrlo profesionalan, te da se tokom razgovora balansira pitanjima o iskustvu kandidata, njegovim vještinama/znanjima te aktualnim i budućim interesima.	bs
Petreus se izvinio zbog preljube, rekavši da je napravio lošu procjenu, ali je njegov slučaj pokazao da, koliko god je čovjek moćan, ima tendenciju da postane potpuno beskoristan kada se nađe pred privlačnom i zavodljivom ženom.	bs
Dodao je da nakon Tuzle u planu ima odmor, nakon čega kreće u nove radne pobjede, odnosno koncertiranja u Puli, Budvi, te Ohridu, a vrlo je moguće da će svojim nastupom u narednom periodu počastiti i Mostarce.	bs
Bude li Ognjen Tadić, kako je najavljeno, smijenjen sa mjesta predsjedavajućeg Doma naroda, njegov nasljednik biće dosadašnji delegat SNSD-a Staša Košarac.	bs
Industrija estetske kirurgije prošle je godine u svijetu rasla po stopi od deset posto, a ista stopa rasta očekuje se i ove godine, pokazalo je izvješće Foruma za estetske kirurge i dermatologe IMCAS.	bs
Osim toga, velike prepreke bit će pitanja vezana uz sigurnost i povjerenje u korištenje takvog načina plaćanja. No, obje su savladive. Vjerojatno ne do 2015. godine, ali u skorije vrijeme sigurno.	bs
Međutim, akutno povećanje nivoa testosterona povećava performanse mišića.	bs
Ipak, ulice kubanskih gradova i sela ukrasene su nacionalnim zastavama, revolucionarnim sloganima i drugim nacionalnim simbolima.	bs
Prošlih mjeseci bila sam u čestom kontaktu sa svojom porodicom. Zajedno smo odlučili da ne treba da kontaktiramo medije u toj fazi postupka, jer bi to moglo naškoditi slučaju - mogli bi da me upotrebe da daju primjer.	bs
Jordanski kralj Abdullah II pozvao je sirijskog vođu Bashara al Assada da odstupi s vlasti.	bs
Grobnica Jovanke Broz nalazit će se na oko tri metra od Titove, bit će od bijelog mermera, na njoj će stajati ime, prezime, godina rođenja i smrti i neće biti nikakvih obilježja i simbola - petokrake, krsta ili nečega sličnog, rečeno je Srni u Odboru za sahranjivanje posmrtnih ostataka Jovanke Broz.	bs
EPIC projekt je dao veliki doprinos jačanju kapaciteta za ruralni razvoj u BiH i time trasirao put bržem ispunjavanju obveza postavljenih u Sporazumu o stabilizaciji i pridruživanju (SSP) između EU i BiH.	bs
Iako je djevojka budna i skinuta s respiratora, zbog teških povreda život mlade studentice još uvijek je u opasnosti, neslužbeno saznaje „Slobodna Dalmacija“.	bs
Acerov šef za Veliku Britaniju, Bobby Watkins, u intervjuu za "Pocket-lint" objavljuje da će Windowsi 7 biti dostupni od 23. oktobra.	bs
Pop diva Beyonce za svoj je ugovor s Pepsijem uzela 50 milijuna dolara, a Time ju je uvrstio na listu stotinu najutjecajnijih osoba zabavne industrije. Nema sumnje kako će zarada rasti kada kasnije ove godine objavi svoj peti studijski album.	bs
Prije dvije godine, prema podacima nevladinih organizacija, u BiH je 24 posto osoba bilo siromasno, dok danas, prema procjenama 48 posto stanovnika zivi na granici siromastva.	bs
„Volim se sunčati i koristim kreme za sunčanje. Međutim, ako se dogodi da dobijem opekline tada na oštećenu kožu stavljam svježi krompir jer je to izvrstan lijek“, otkrila je Bo Oglesbee, dizajnerica koja radi za modnu liniju Tory Burch.	bs
Sigurnosni stručnjaci iz njemačke kompanije Security Research Labs pronašli su opasan sigurnosni propust u GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) tehnologiji čijim bi iskorištavanjem hakeri mogli obavljati pozive i slati poruke bez znanja vlasnika uređaja.	bs
Istorijska vrijednost filma kao dokumenta je sigurno nemjerljiva, međutim potrebno je pokrenuti raspravu i o umjetničkom dojmu.	bs
Slavko Vučurević (Koalicije "Zajedno za Trebinje") - Trebinje	bs
Cijela zbrka dobila je još na simpatičnosti kada je teniser upitao majku zbog čega se osjeti na vino.	bs
Kanin je uz dogovor lidera SNSD-a i SDP-a analizirao i posjetu BiH američkog državnog sekretara Hillary Clinton i visokog predstavnika EU za spoljnu i bezbjednosnu politiku Catherine Ashton.	bs
S druge strane Howie razmišlja o ljubavnoj prevari i sebe na neki način stavlja na kušnju.	bs
Novi Edin album izaći će pod etiketom Menarta u martu, a u aprilu popularni reper kreće na turneju po cijeloj regiji.	bs
O kvaliteti tekstova odlučivat će stručni žiri koji će imenovati direktor Pozorišta. Stručni žiri će prilikom odlučivanja posebno ocijeniti umjetničku vrijednost djela i aktuelnost teme.	bs
Na taj način još jednom je zadržao svoj imidž spontanog frajera: podsjetimo, za činjenicu da je Kim trudna svijet je saznao nakon Kanyeovog koncerta u Atlantic Cityju na kojem je on to podijelio s fanovima, prenosi Index.	bs
“Kris je vrlo negativna. Ona je zločesta kučka. Uopšte joj nije stalo do Lamara, gleda samo svoj imidž i novac”, kaže on i dodaje da su sestre Kardašijan ljubazne samo pred kamerama, a kad se one ugase postaju neprijatne i bahate.	bs
Pretjerano konzumiranje crvenog mesa može da bude povod za Alchajmerovu bolest, otkriva novo istraživanje.	bs
MIT, uostalom, još ima reputaciju „raja” za hakere: među njegovim profesorima je i bivši kompjuterski provalnik koji je 1988. kažnjen zbog puštanja u opticaj jednog virusa.	bs
atraktivna LED signalizacija. Za sve dizajnerske i vizualne zahvate na novom BMW-u Serije 4 zaslužna je dizajnerska ekipa okupljena oko Magdalene Schmid.	bs
Više puta je napomenuo navodne sukobe koje je imao sa vojskom tokom rata, te nesporazume sa vlastima na teretnu. Negirao je sve zločine koji mu se prepisuju u optužnici, odnosno da je znao za njih u trenutku kada su se desili ili kasnije. Jedini zločin koji priznaje je ubistvo civila na Korićanskim stijenama, planina Vlašić, ali za to optužuje “naše kriminalnce”.	bs
Urasle dlake su zdravstveni i estetski problem. Dlaka dok raste, u jednom trenutku skrene svoju putanju i umjesto da izađe, ona ponovo urasta i dolazi do upale. Iako ne postoji sigurno rješenje protiv urastanja dlačica, evo nekoliko savjeta kako možete makar smanjiti neželjeno urastanje.	bs
Obama je rekao da bi Romney nastavio da vodi politiku koja je i dovela Sjedinjene Američke Države do velike ekonomske krize i haosa.	bs
„Sredstva koja su osigurana za isplatu zaostalih penzija su jednostavno raspodjeljena temeljem zadanih parametara na broj korisnika. Na taj način ispada da je koeficijent 1,27, dakle ne radi se o klasičnom koeficijentu koji se unaprijed odredi nego proizilazi od osiguranih sredstava.	bs
Kada se Robbie ušunja u porodilište da posjeti svoju mladu djevojku Leonie i prvi put uzme u ruke svog tek rođenog sina Lukea, preplavljuju ga osjećaji.	bs
Svaka žena voli imati neki slatki nadimak, ali ako nas već na prvom spoju nazivate vašim medvjedićem, vjerojatno ćemo pomisliti da niste baš normalni.	bs
Inače u toj Informaciji, pored ostaloga, se navodi da je Uprava policije tokom ove godine podnijela i šest krivičnih prijava protiv odgovornih lica za „zloupotrebu službenog položaja i ovlaštenja“. Čak četiri krivične prijave su protiv ministra Budimlića, a preostale dvije protiv njegove suradnice Sanje Petrović načelnice Uprave za administraciju i podršku KMUP-a.	bs
U nekima od poruka i savjeta Einsteina stoji i da je "intuitivni duh sveti dar, a racionalan duh je vjerni sluga. Mi smo stvorili društvo koje slavi slugu, a zaboravlja sveti dar", dok je "životna tragedija ono što umre u čovjeku dok je živ".	bs
Iz GRAS-a tvrde da prije svakog uključivanja u saobraćaj vozila prođu unutrašnje i vanjsko čišćenje te pranje odgovarajućim deterdžentima te sanitarnim sredstvima, a kompletna dezinfekcija unutrašnjosti vrši se jednom mjesečno.	bs
U prvom poluvremenu samo je dva puta bilo neriješeno, pri rezultatu 1:1 i 2:2, nakon čega je prednost Rusije samo rasla. Gosti su u prvom dijelu utakmice imali maksimalnu prednost od pet golova razlike, ali naša reprezenatcija pred kraj smanjila na dva gola zaostatka. Ipak, na poluvrijeme se otišlo pri rezultatu 17:13.	bs
Kaladze je na San Siro dosao 2001. iz kijevskog Dinama.	bs
S druge strane, predsjednik Federacije Živko Budimir prošle je godine pomilovao 64 osobe.	bs
To je bio posljednji dokument koji je bio potreban da se u FIFA preda zahtjev za promjenu sportskog državljanstva, što su u administraciji N/FSBiH i napravili.	bs
“Ona je na drogama otkad znam za sebe. Vodila me je i kod svojih bivših ljubavnika koji su takođe narkomani. Živi na xanaxu, aderalu, sonatu, šećeru i cigaretama. Skoro nikad ne jede.	bs
Pa, „nasuho“ prijateljicama recitujem Sidranove ratne ljubavne stihove: „Ona mi veli: Prije rata nema šta se nije imalo... Poljubim je i upitam: Voliš li me imalo?“	bs
Neki su prokomentarisali da je ustvari tužno što takve stvari toliko uzbuđuju ljude, čak i kada je njihova reakcija pozitivna, jer bi trebalo da bude sasvim prirodno da dijete dobija bezuslovnu ljubav od svojih roditelja.	bs
Priča s naslovne - prelistali smo stotine stranica objavljenih dokumenata CIA-e i u opsežnom prvom nastavku donosimo neke od najzanimljivijih detalja, šta je sve CIA znala o ratu i zločinima u BiH, i možda još interesantnije - otkrivamo koje to detalje CIA nije znala.	bs
Nikad ranije viđene fotografije polugole Angeline Jolie u 'klinču' s bijelim konjem imate će početnu cijenu od 25 i 30 tisuća funti. Fotografije su nastale prilikom snimanja naslovnice za časopis Rolling Stone 2001. godine, a uslikao ih je slavni David LaChapelle.	bs
Otkrijte čari najerotičnijih namirnica i saznajte zašto ih je najzabavnije i najuzbudljivije servirati - u krevetu. Slijede super recepti za vruće igrice.	bs
21. Super ljepak je spas za slomljen nokat.	bs
- Nosilac aktivnosti je SIPA, a učestvuju i policijski službenici iz entitetskih policijskih agencija i Brčko Distrikta. Radi se o istrazi usmjerenoj na rasvjetljavanje najmanje šest neriješenih ubistava i pokušaja ubistava u RS i FBiH, nekoliko pljački banaka i transporta novca u višemilionskim iznosima i čitav niz teških krivičnih djela organizovanog kriminala – saopšteno je iz Tužilaštva BiH.	bs
Dvije su glavne teme na vrhu popisa prioriteta za razvoj nove generacije Opelovih modela: učinkovitost i povezivost. Te su vrijednosti jasno izražene i u razvoju Opelove dizajnerske filozofije prema kojoj „umjetnička skulpturalnost susreće njemačku preciznost“ jer konture karoserije sada odaju novi smisao sportske elegancije umjesto puke snage mišića.	bs
Čelnik SDS-a iz Višegrada Miroslav Kojić našao se na meti režisera Kusturice od kada je prije mjesec dana u Skupštini RS-a tražio odgovor na poslaničko pitanje koliko je tačno budžetskog novca utrošeno u Andrićgrad. Od tada Kusturica novoformiranu vlast u Višegradu, na čijem je čelu SDS-ovac Slaviša Mišković, naziva primitivcima, neciviliziranim i nekulturnim ljudima.	bs
Continental GT Speed pokreće dvostruki turbo 6.0-litarski W12 motor koji razvija 625 KS. Ova raketa na kotačima troši 12 posto manje goriva u odnosu na standardni GT, odnosno 14,9 litara na 100 kilometara.	bs
NVO udruzenja za zastitu ljudskih prava su danas pred sjedistem srbijanskog predsjednika Borisa Tadica trazil su podrsku. Oni zahtijevaju da se podrzi inicijativa da se 11. juli u Srbiji obiljezava kao dan sjecanja na genocid u Srebrenici.	bs
Po riječima direktora Koledža Seada Poturka, hiljade takmičara i đaka učestvovale su u proteklim godinama u ovom projektu, a mnoge škole dale su doprinos obilježavanju ovog historijskog datuma.	bs
IEA u mjesečnom izvještaju navodi da je budućnost tržišta nafte neizvjesna, naročito zbog toga što se očekuje značajan rast proizvodnje u SAD.	bs
Ovo je pokazalo istraživanje portala Mashable, prema kojem, poređenja radi, stanovnici BiH koriste internet koji je oko sedam puta sporiji od interneta u Južnoj Koreji, zemlje sa najbržim internetom u svijetu, ali i pet puta sporiji od interneta koji koriste Česi i Letonci, koji imaju najbrži internet u Evropi.	bs
“Prvo što ćete uraditi poslije recepcije je vježba sporog hodanja, ali ne u smislu sporijeg koračanja, već zaista usporenog hodanja. Kao usporeni snimak. Zatim slijedi odlazak u dio u kojem ćete kao posjetilac sjediti na stolici i uspostavljati kontakt očima sa sagovornikom preko puta vas, drugim posjetiocem, kojeg nikada u životu niste vidjeli i koji takođe sjedi na stolici sa slušalicama na ušima”, navela je Abramović u svom promotivnom spotu.	bs
Ojmjakon se nalazi na istoku Jakutije. U njemu živi 470 stanovnika. Godine 1924. u selu je zabilježena rekordno niska temperatura za naseljeno mjesto - 71,2 Celzija.	bs
„Vlada kantona Sarajevo je na sjednici održanoj 16. jula donijela odluku o poskupljenju usluga vodosnadbijevanja, a kako je najavljeno, povećanje cijene za domaćinstva će biti u prosjeku za 20 posto, dok će u privredi usluga vodosnadbijevanja poskupiti za 25 posto.	bs
U Izvršnom odboru RS BiH su tri člana Predsjedništva: Mirsad Sirćo, Stanislav Mucić i Zdravko Miličević, te članovi Dušan Popović, Mirsad Purivatra, Jasmin Omerefendić, Slobodan Zadro, Dragan Miličević, Igor Babić, Hamid Bahto i Aleksandar Miljuš.	bs
Govoreći o povratu te imovine, Ćemo je rekao da su oni nakon rata podnijeli valjanu dokumentaciju koja je bila neophodna za povrat ovog hana u ponovno vlasništvo Islamske zajednice, međutim, dok se ne usvoji zakon o restituciji, na tom polju se ništa neće moći uraditi.	bs
„Bez obzira na to što se to meni ne dopada, ne može se poreći da se mnogim građanima sve te građevine i spomenici dopadaju i da pri tome oni uglavnom ne ulaze u to koliko je stilski i arhitektonski neusklađeno”, kaže Siniša Jakov Marušić, novinar iz Skopja, koji istraživao sporne ugovore koji se vezuju za „Skopje 2014”.	bs
Prekrasna kosa i naočale došli su kao šlag na tortu ovog vrućeg stylinga.	bs
"Nibens grupa" nastala je kroz privatizaciju nekoliko poduzeća, a srbijanski mediji su godinama unazad spekulirali da iza svega stoji Miroslav Mišković. Njegov sin Marko, vlasnik tvrtke "Mera investment fond", prema neslužbenim je informacijama policiji i državnom odvjetništvu govorio o transakcijama i putevima novca između Delta holdinga i Nibens grupe.	bs
U Jasenovom polju pokraj Nikšića žive preci najpoznatijeg Srbina na planeti - Novaka Đokovića - i njegovog davnog imenjaka, s kojim teniser ne djeli samo ime, nego i fizionomiju!	bs
Ed Husić, koji je član Radničke partije, ispred pokrajine Chifley osvojio mnogo više glasova od svoje protukandidatkinje Isabelle White iz Liberalne partije.	bs
Dvojica muškaraca osumnjičeni su za ubistvo policajca noćas na Institutu za tehnologiju Massachusettsa (MIT), potom za krađu automobila, a nekoliko časova ranije policija je objelodanila fotografije osumnjičenih za eksplozije na bostonskom maratonu, zatraživši pomoć javnosti u njihovom pronalaženju.	bs
Prsten vrijedan 30.000 eura, koji je dobila od Milana, nije bio zaručnički, potvrdio je biznismen u saopćenju u kojemu govori da sa Severinom nije bio u ljubavnoj vezi od juna 2011. godine.	bs
Danas se u našoj zemlji očekuje umjereno do pretežno oblačno vrijeme sa mjestimično slabom kišom, a u višim planinskim djelovima sa susnježicom ili snijegom, a ponegdje na jugu uz kišu moguća je i grmljavina.	bs
Zagrebački tim je protiv slovenačkog prvoligaša slavio sa 2:1.	bs
U toku je dokumentovanje ovog krivičnog djela ugrožavanje sigurnosti.	bs
Kojim pravom, navodi Mejer, Mun insistira da BiH treba da bude članica NATO-a, "organizacije koja je nadživela svoju korisnost raspadom SSSR-a - jednostavno da ugrožava živote ljudi iz BiH u Iraku i Avganistanu".	bs
U augustu u odnosu na juli ove godine najviše su porasle cijene u odjeljcima: „prijevoz“ za 2,7 posto, „rekreacija i kultura“ za 0,3 posto, „stanovanje, voda, električna energija, plin i drugi energenti“ za 0,3 posto, te „ostala dobra i usluge“ za 0,2 posto.	bs
U međuvremenu, Mariah je uvijek bila zabrinuta zbog činjenice da se njezin suprug voli družiti s mlađim ženama. Kada ga je nedavno iznenadila na snimanju njegove emisije na MTV-ju, on je koketirao s natjecateljicom, što je pjevačicu izbacilo iz takta.	bs
- Ovo je kraj mogućnosti da povratnici i svi nesrbi imaju bilo kakav politički uticaj u entitetu RS i ovo je kraj njihovog političkog faktora. U to niko ne treba sumnjati - podcrtao je Suljagić.	bs
Naime, u emisiji „Ekskluziv“ TV Prva, emitovanoj pred novu 2012. godinu, dotični se nije libio da Slavici predvidi da će raskinuti tad još aktuelnu romansu i da će se udati za bogatog sportistu koji živi u inostranstvu, ali nije stranac, a u taj opis Vlada se odlično uklapa!	bs
Naravno, još uvijek niko, zbog osjetljivog političkog trenutka, ne izlazi javno s konkretnom pričom o objedinjavanju kantona u prijelaznoj fazi i njihovim ukidanjem u konačnici.	bs
Ayse Duyar živi više od 20 godina u Švedskoj. Ona kaže da prvih godina tokom svog boravka u ovoj zemlji, muslimani nisu imali ni mjesta gdje bi se sastajali za vrijeme vjerskih praznika.	bs
Balkan je jedna od onih regija na zemaljskoj kugli gdje povlačenje granica po etničkom principu (kao što je pokušano u Berlinu) ne može riješiti međuetničke probleme. Uostalom, i same etničke granice su često uvjetne, tj. ne vode računa o etnogenezi, kao ni o objektivnim kulturnopovijesnim osobitostima različitih dijelova jedno te istog etnosa, podijeljenog državnim, religioznim, prirodnim i drugim granicama.	bs
Dalila Pirić naglašava kako joj osim prljavštine u vozilima, smeta i nehigijena putnika, zbog čega joj u toplim ljetnim danima često bude muka, zbog čega mora izaći iz vozila.	bs
Izvršni direktor SplashDate Morgan Slain kaže da objavom ovih informacija, odnosno najgorih šifri žele upozoriti korisnike na veliki rizik koji takve šifre predstavljaju za sigurnost njihovih podataka te se nadaju da će, kada vide koliko su njihove šifre ranjive, promijeniti šifru i na taj način povećati sigurnost svojih računa i osobnih podataka.	bs
"Seksualno uzbuđenje i uticaj na kognitivne procese moglo bi da objasni dio ovih negativnih efekata", napisali su naučnici.	bs
Čak i kad su problematične velike porcije svježe salate, neki pacijenti mogu tolerirati manje porcije mekšeg sirovog povrća – avokada, cikle ili naribane mrkve. To je način da salata ipak ostane na jelovniku.	bs
vožnju u hladnijim mjesecima oba prednja sjedala mogu biti opremljena trostupanjskim električnim grijanjem.	bs
Eksperimentom sa klatnom dokazao je da se Zemlja okreće oko svoje ose. Foucault je 1852. godine pronašao žiroskop koji ima široku primjenu u tehnici.	bs
Ovaj emirat odavno važi za državu zapanjujućih protivurječnosti. Iako je na puno načina jedna od najkonzervativnijih zalivskih država, dokazala se i kao najzagrijanija za promjene koje je donijelo Arapsko proljeće.	bs
Pored Tottija, Prandelli će vjerovatno u reprezentaciju Italije povesti i godinu mlađeg Antonija di Natalea koji trese mreže u dresu Udinesea.	bs
„U mostarski McDonald's namirnice iz Sarajeva stizale su autobuskim linijama Bregava transa i Autoprevoz Mostar“, tvrdi Burić navodeći kako firma za takvu vrstu prevoza nije imala specijalizovano vozilo i da je prava sreća da nije došlo do masovnog trovanja konzumenata McDonald'sovih proizvoda. (M. Fazlić)	bs
Ako se ovome doda provjereni podatak da svi otkupljivači zlata, kojih je u BiH svakim danom sve više, na kraju godine redovno traže povrat za PDV obračunat za stanarinu, režije... a ništa ne ulažu u zemlju, nije teško zaključiti da je njihov profit višestruk i da je u pitanju očigledno biznis unosan za pojedince, od kojeg država nema nikakve koristi.	bs
Dodaje se da je Uprava policije odlučna da zajedničkim policijskim jezikom i u saradnji sa drugim policijskim organizacijama regiona, da svoj puni doprinos u borbi protiv svih oblika korupcije i organizovanog kriminala”.(N.H.)	bs
Gospodin Čordaš je rekao da nije optimista, ako Hrvati koji su prognani iz BiH još 1992., budu prinuđeni birati između prebivališta u Republici Hrvatskoj ili BiH, neće donijeti odluku o trajnom iseljavanju iz BiH. Već imamo slično iskustvo iz 2001 godine kada su se povratnici zbog zdravstvenog osiguranja masovno odjavljivali sa svojih adresa u BiH i ponovno vraćali u Hrvatsku.	bs
Prema podacima Nacionalne federacije trgovaca na malo, najveće američke maloprodajne grupacije te provizije koštaju trgovine oko 30 milijardi dolara godišnje.	bs
Sa druge strane mnogi ugostitelji tvrde da je prošle godine u ovo vrijeme bilo znatno više turista. Manjoj posjeti, kako smatraju, doprinijelo je i doskorašnje loše vrijeme.	bs
"BiH u idućoj godini treba da sprovede reforme u sektoru energetike, jer ima značajan potencijal u obnovljivoj energiji ali su pravni i institucioni okviri za održivu energiju slabi" - navedeno je u izvještaju EBRD-a.	bs
Procjena se zasniva na realizaciji velikih projekata: očekivanoj prodaji “Telekom Srbija“ i ulasku velikog belgijskog trgovinskog lanca Delhaize koji će uložiti 932 miliona eura u kupovinu Delta maksija.	bs
Pierre Fortin, économiste à l'UQAM, rétorque que les Québécois sont plus nombreux à retarder leurs études et attaque la validité de l'échantillon de M. Finnie, qui comportait 16 000 personnes.	fr-CA
Predstavljene su sjemenske sorte PIONEER, a prezentant je bio Saša Jerković koji je preporučio dvadesetak sorti, od kojih desetak ima odlike za međimursko podneblje i polje.	hr
Još sam 2003. ili 2004. imao pravo na saborsku mirovinu, ali ga nisam iskoristio sve do sada, dok mi nisu rekli da će to pravo ukinuti. Da imam deset milijuna kuna u dividendama ili veliku imovinu, to bi mi bila zadnja briga. Sam sebi sam se zavjetovao da neću ništa, ali hoću neku vrstu sigurnosti.	hr
U utorak su pretraženi stanovi i druge prostorije koje na zagrebačkom području koriste osumnjičeni te je policija kod 41-godišnjaka pronašla 176 grama kokaina, manju količinu hašiša te 14.500 eura i 6.500 kuna.	hr
Više od 5200 osoba pobjeglo je iz okolice vulkana od erupcije koja je počela u četvrtak izbacujući kamenje, lavu i pepeo na više od kilometar visine.	hr
Samsung je redizajnirao TV zaslon tako što je u svojim vodećim LED televizorima, Samsung D8000 i D7000 LED TV, stanjio okvir na 0,2 inča. Doslovno eliminirajući tradicionalni TV okvir, Samsungov ultra tanki okvir omogućuje potrošačima dodatnu veličinu zaslona, bez povećanja dimenzija uređaja. Osim toga, Samsung serija plazma televizora D8000 nudi Samsung Plazma +1 dizajn te sad površina za gledanje iznosi 51 i 64.	hr
Hodajući po dubrovačkim skalinima! Inače ti ja ništa ne radim, nisam na dijeti, a to je očigledno majka priroda. Mama i tata poklonili su mi duge noge.	hr
Ona pojašnjava kako Agencija za promociju stranih ulaganja u BiH nema mandat donositi ili mijenjati zakone i propise. To je u nadležnosti vlasti, a one bi, slažu se naši sugovornici, morale popraviti politički, ekonomski i pravni ambijent u zemlji, žele li privući inozemni kapital.	hr
Do pročelnika Prhata nismo u petak uspjeli doći, ali je prošle godine kad smo pisali o toj problematici izjavio da ne isključuje mogućnost da se, ako spor s ACI-jem pokaže da Grad nije smio raspolagati zemljištem koje je u naravi pomorsko dobro, poništi sporna odluka o naplati parkinga na rivi.	hr
Sportski direktor bijelih posebno žali što su se pravila striktno počela primjenjivati na Istri 1961 i Rijeci.	hr
ZAGREB – Hrvatska stranka umirovljenika (HSU) ustvrdila je u ime Kukuriku koalicije da je danas donesena odluka Vlade o jednokratnoj pomoći hrvatskim umirovljenicima najobičniji pokušaj kupovanja umirovljeničkih glasova dva i pol mjeseca prije izbora.	hr
Predsjednik HSU-a Silvano Hrelja također je izrazio zadovoljstvo odnosima u vladajućoj koaliciji. Naglasio je da je gospodarska situacija teška, da hrvatski građani podnose žrtve, a da su veterani u tome upravo umirovljenici.	hr
Za promjene koje Hrvatsku sada očekuju potreban je hladan sjevernjački razum, ali i južnjačka energija, ingenioznost i pravo na grešku, rekao je Milanović i dodao, "a to je Hrvatska".	hr
– Ako pretpostavimo da u vladu idu iz 8. jedinice i Zlatko Komadina i Željko Jovanović, i još niz drugih kadrova, onda je jasno da je 8. jedinica novoj vladi dala najbolje ljude, pravi »dream team«. Na njima je da vrate dostojanstvo Rijeci, koja je 20 godina bila ponižavana i zanemarivana. Za to su dobili mandat građana – rekao je Marko Boras-Mandić.	hr
Za knjigu autobiografske proze "Sjećanja" (1995.) dobila je nagradu Ksaver Šandor Đalski.	hr
Ivan Asić okupio je danas u Dubrovniku vaterpolsku reprezentaciju Hrvatske do 20 godina, kojoj je izbornik, a koju od 20. do 27. rujna očekuje nastup na Europskom prvenstvu na Kreti.	hr
No, Lucija jučer nije izgledala kao osoba koja je dan ranije osvojila brončano olimpijsko odličje, poraz njezine dvije minute starije sestre Ane u prvome kolu kategorije do 57 kilograma, jako ju je potresao.	hr
- U međuvremenu su se dogodile političke i organizacijske promjene da bi, vezano uz to, Šiša promijenio priču kad sam ga nazvala prošle jeseni, kad sam već imala konkretne datume i utvrđen program – priča Tomić.	hr
Na sastancima je istaknuta znatna suradnja SB-a u okviru zajma za razvojnu politiku kojim se daje financijska podrška Programu gospodarskog oporavka Hrvatske, čija se jedna komponenta odnosi na jačanje fiskalne održivosti i konsolidaciju rashoda proračuna.	hr
Dijelovi srednje i istočne Europe koje su ove zime zahvatili snijeg i hladni val, mogli bi se naći u novim poteškoćama kad se snijeg počne topiti, zbog opasnosti od poplave, upozorila je u utorak UN-ova agencija za smanjenje rizika od katastrofa (UNISDR).	hr
Ostale je izvođače poprilično zasmetala činjenica da u žiriju nije bilo predstavnika drugih izadavačkih kuća.	hr
"Draga Blanka, draga naša olimpijka, U ime hrvatske olimpijske obitelji i naše osobno, upućujemo ti iskrene čestitke na osvajanju zlatne medalje na Europskom prvenstvu u Barceloni. Iskreno se radujemo još jednom iznimnom sportskom rezultatu, još jednoj tvojoj pobjedi i pobjedi hrvatske atletike!	hr
A na čijim će sve pozornicama mikovci svirati, pjevati i plesati, i što će tijekom osmodnevnog putovanja i ohoho prijeđenih kilometara ponuditi svojoj vjernoj publici? Kako to već 48 godina i biva, karavana će startati danas oko 16 sati iz Rijeke.	hr
Prema riječima Lea Begovića postoje dva velika elaborata koje su radili Instituti i koji opravadavaju izgradnju TS Srđ. Spremni su, kako kaže Begović, poslušati i argumente protiv izgradnje, no naglašava da je svakako potrebna nova trafostanica koja bi osim Komolca bila druga TS za opskrbu električnom energijom. Tako bi Dubrovnik, pojašnjava Begović, imao električnu energiju iz dvije TS.	hr
Obavljenim radovima spojili su se i kanali oborinske odvodnje ulica Iva Dulčića i Kardinala Stepinca s onom ulice Kralja Tomislava pa će se tako uz prometne gužve riješiti i problem poplava koje na ovom području nastaju uslijed velikih kiša.	hr
»Sirija tone u humanitarnu tragediju koja podsjeća na nesretne događaje u bivšoj Jugoslaviji«, izrazila je žaljenje povjerenica za humanitarna pitanja Kristalina Georgijeva u priopćenju.	hr
Istraživači su promatrali tri simptoma starosti: stvaranje očne mrene, gubitak mišićnog tkiva i gubitak masnog sloja ispod kože koji je čini glatkom.	hr
Nakon pola sata zatražili smo račun, dolazi konobar i kaže: 41 kuna. Već sam gotovo izustila da je u pitanju pogrešan račun. No suprug vadi novce i plaća. Konobar odlazi i vraća se s ostatkom. Vidjevši nas začuđene pita: "Zar nešto nije u redu?".	hr
Sinoć je u Varaždinu odražana prva večer Quelle Fashion.hr-a na kojoj je svoje kolekcije predstavilo četvero hrvatskih dizajnera, a to su modni dvojac Mustre, sestre Maja i Petra Špoljar, pobjednik prošlogdišnjeg Modnog ormara Stjepan Čuka, koji je predstavio mušku kolekciju te dizajnerica Etna Maar.	hr
Gledatelji emisije Good Morning America uz pomoć dr. Philipa Tierna, direktora mikrobiologije i imunologije na Sveučilištu u New Yorku, imali su prilike vidjeti što se skriva ispod rukava i nogavica tek kupljene odjeće.	hr
- Cijene su većinom podjednake onima u Hrvatskoj, pa svi masovno kupuju cigarete i kavu. Cigari što su u Hrvatskoj 180 i 170 kuna za šteku ovdje su 100 kuna. Kilogram kave, a u ponudi imamo "Krem kavu" je 48 kuna – kaže Cvijeta.	hr
Novi ministar pomorstva, prometa i infrastrukture ni po čemu ne podsjeća na svoje prethodnike. Puno mlađi, ležerniji u komunikaciji i neopterećen time da u javnosti ostavi neki očekivani dojam, Hajdaš Dončić otvoreno kaže kako se ne boji odgovornosti, te svega desetak dana nakon imenovanja ima sasvim konkretne planove i ciljeve u svim resorima.	hr
Pokop Mirsada Piralića bit će u petak, 20. siječnja, u 14 sati na pulskom gradskom groblju. (GI)	hr
»Ono što je Benedikt XVI. pretrpio ružno je: objavljeni su dokumenti ukradeni iz njegova doma, i to ne samo osobna prepiska, već i informacije, razmišljanja (...), povjerljivi podaci koje je primao isključivo zbog svog učiteljstva«. »Papu je posebno pogodilo što su autori njemu upućenih pisama bili izloženi nasilju«.	hr
Povodom nadolazećih Blagdana Udruga Matice umirovljenika, podružnica "Montovjerna", poziva sve ljude dobre volje na tradicionalnu humanitarnu lutriju u organizaciji Art radionice podružnice "Montovjerna".	hr
Samo su tri pulske škole već u prvom krugu popunile svoje prve razrede - Medicinska škola, koja već treću godinu za redom bilježi upisni boom, zatim Škola primijenjenih umjetnosti i dizajna te Ekonomska škola.	hr
Kukuriku koalicija može računati na jednog manjinskog zastupnika. Njihov kandidat za zastupnika češke i slovačke manjine Vladimir Bile uvjerljivo vodi s 41,4 posto, slijedi Ivan Komak s 29,2 posto glasova, a dosadašnja zastupnica te manjine Zdenka Čuhnil tek je treća s 22,5 posto glasova.	hr
Za bespravnu gradnju u građevinskom području svugdje će se za jednaku kvadraturu plaćati isti iznos, dok će oni koji su gradili izvan građevinskih područja platiti dvostruko, oni koji su gradili na zaštićenim prostorima trostruko, a oni koji su u sto metara od obalne linije sedam puta više.	hr
Po podacima DZS-a, prerađivačka industrija koja radi na temelju narudžbi u travnju u odnosu na ožujak bilježi njihov rast za 54,3 posto, pri čemu su narudžbe s domaćeg tržišta porasle za 22,1 posto, a sa stranih za 70,3 posto.	hr
Kolo prije kraja natjecanja u skupini Barcelona je osigurala prvo mjesto sa 16 bodova, a CO Zagreb drugo sa 14.	hr
Ako ste dakle odlučili zaključati ulazna vrata svoga doma pred ostatkom svijeta i posvetiti se jedno drugom, kako biste Valentinovo učinili doista posebnim pobrinite se da i ambijent prati značenje Dana zaljubljenih.	hr
"Kolektivni ugovor sadrži sve nužne pravne odredbe, od zasnivanja radnog odnosa do njegovog prekida. Tim se dokumentom utvrđuju i koeficijenti, pa krećemo od najnižeg, dakle jedan za čistačicu do 3,4 za ravnatelja muzeja", kazao je Vidmar.	hr
- Ja ne vidim razloga zbog čega ne bismo mogle dobiti Rusiju. Ali, sigurno moramo jako smanjiti broj tehničkih pogrešaka. Još uvijek smo ih protiv Angole imale dosta, ne sjećam se kada su nam suci dosudili toliko prijestupa, kazala je hrvatska vratarica.	hr
Prva od šest projekcija u Kinu Valli na rasporedu je 17. svibnja s početkom u 19 sati kada će biti prikazan prvi dio trilogije "Miris kiše na Balkanu", a projekciji će prisustvovati i redatelj filma Ljubiša Samardžić.	hr
Sa Sanaderom, na čiji je poziv iz Splita doselila u Zagreb kako bi uredila stranačke financije, Marica Glavaš je kao stranačka blagajnica razgovarala tek dva puta. Sanaderu je, tvrdi, bilo jako bitno da stranka posluje propisno jer je upravo HDZ donio zakon o financiranju političkih stranaka.	hr
Mirko Mocko iz Rock Caffea najavio je da će se nakon Gitarijade u velikom šatoru na Portarati, a u sklopu proslave Dana grada, održati dvije koncertne večeri.	hr
»Idemo dalje.. Oduvijek sam znala što bih trebala činiti i što mi je učiniti«, rekla je u televizijskom obraćanju naciji u utorak. Moja odluka je neopoziva, naglasila je Fernandez Kirchner, još uvijek odjevena u crninu zbog smrti supruga, bivšeg predsjednika Nestora Kirchnera, prošle godine.	hr
I kad bi u Dubrovnik došao najveći specijalist, opet u našoj bolnici ne bi mogao puno napraviti. „Mi imamo laboratorij, a nemamo kardiokirurgiju, nikad je nećemo ni imati pa zato moramo biti oprezni s intervencijama da ne bismo napravili još veću štetu nego korist. Kad bismo probili krvnu žilu, ne bi bilo mogućnosti za hitnu intervenciju i pacijent bi preminuo“, priznaje dr. Ferri Certić	hr
Predsjednica Samostalnog sindikata zdravstva Spomenka Avberšek traži da resorni ministar Darko Milinović iziđe pred zaposlene u zdravstvu i objasni im kako to novca za božićnice nema kada su sredstva ustanove do prije nekoliko dana imale u svojim proračunima.	hr
– To znači da više ne možemo obavljati službene kontrole hrane po nalogu sanitarne inspekcije, čime je ugrožena primarna funkcija zavoda za javno zdravstvo. Ugroženi su građani, a i turisti, upozorava Jasna Ninčević , ravnateljica splitskog Zavoda za javno zdravstvo.	hr
Krokodil je bio osuđen na sigurnu smrt u zoološkom vrtu Tangkiling, u indonezijskom dijelu otoka Borneo. Sirota životinja je preživljavala u bazenu s prljavom i onečišćenom vodom, uz vreće za smeće i plastične boce. U pokušaju da probije metalnu ogradu izgubio je sve zube.	hr
dnevnog lista. Jedno je vrijeme vodio i upravu tvrtke, a kasnije bio i osnivač privatnog političkog tjednika "Mag".	hr
Nesreća se dogodila oko 14 sati kada je 39-godišnjakinja iz Pule upravljajući automobilom VW passat kolnikom Creske ulice dolaskom na raskrižje s Partizanskim putom prilikom skretanja ulijevo oduzela prednost mopedu piaggio zip, kojim je pak Partizanski putom iz smjera Galižane upravljao 38-godišnjak iz Pule.	hr
Najniža plaća u općinskoj upravi je četiri i pol tisuće kuna, koliko dobiva spremačica, a najviša načelnikova, koji prima 13,5 tisuća kuna. (T. GRBIĆ)	hr
Turisti pljačkaši ne biraju svoje žrtve pa se tako i međusobno pljačkaju. U Umagu je tako zabilježen slučaj kada je Slovenac pokrao Rumunja i Francuza. Iskoristivši njihovu nepažnju, na plaži im je oteo torbe s dokumentima i novcem.	hr
Nekolicina Puljana i turista koji su neposredno nakon pljačke prolazili kraj policijske trake, znatiželjno su promatrali rad kriminalističkih tehničara koji su sa stepenica i ulaznih vrata izuzimali tragove i otiske prstiju.	hr
U Clevelandu nije bilo ni Roda Stewarta, frontmena grupe Faces kojeg je pokosila gripa. Ali je zato na pozornici bio drugi superstar ponikao iz te grupe, današnji gitarist Rolling Stonesa Ron Wood. Stewarta je u izvedbi nekoliko pjesama grupe na vokalu zamijenio Mick Hucknall iz Simply Reda.	hr
- Mi bismo mogli obrnuti priču. Kad je u Austriji sezona skijanja, kod nas bi mogla biti sezona golfa. No, zasad u Hrvatskoj imamo tek tri uboga golf igrališta, rekao je Jakovčić.	hr
O kako je lijepo ovih dana biti Splićanin, Dalmatinac, u Zagrebu, ili bilo gdje drugdje gdje se snijeg uredno čisti, bez vojske, naputka i kratkog tečaja držanja lopate. Samo, što to sa mnom ima veze!?	hr
Družite li se i privatno s kolegama iz sabora?	hr
Prema neslužbenim informacijama, dvije vrste Inina eurosupera 95 od sutra, 7. kolovoza, bit će skuplje za 31 lipu po litri.	hr
Među prihvaćenim inicijativama je i ona pod nazivom »Jedan od nas« koja želi pravnu zaštitu dostojanstva, prava na život i integriteta svakog živog bića od začeća. Pri tome organizatori navode da EU treba djelovati u području u kojem ima ovlasti te zabraniti i prekinuti financiranje aktivnosti koje podrazumijevaju uništenje ljudskih embrija, osobito u području istraživanja i javnog zdravlja.	hr
"Hrvatska ima tri vrlo različite regije s tri vrlo različite stilistike kvalitetnih vina. Riječ je o podatku koji je potrebno aktivnije komunicirati prema vinskoj zajednici, jer nije dovoljno poznat. S druge strane, oduševljava zajedništvo hrvatskih vinara na događaju poput ovoga. U ovim bogatstvima leži potencijal Hrvatske", ocijenila je ugledna novinarka specijalizirana za teme vezane uz vina Tara O'Leary.	hr
Pripadnici sigurnosnih snaga rekli su da su napadači stigli motociklima te bacili bombe ručne izrade u kazalište, a zatim zapucali na vjernike. U nedjelju je bilo sporadičnih pucnjava i u drugim dijelovima grada.	hr
Dubrovačka baština bit će nositelj projekta Turističke kartice (koja bi u potpunosti trebala zaživjeti 2011.) u koju se i polažu sve nade kada je u pitanju punjenje blagajne Baštine. Hoće li novac od Turističke kartice pokriti sve troškove koji proizlaze iz održavanja, popravaka i obnove kulturne i spomeničke baštine, Daničić je optimističan.	hr
Tužba se temelji na kršenju odredbi Zakona o obveznim odnosima i Zakona o zaštiti potrošača.	hr
Komentirajući problem prepisivanja sadržaja i zaobilaženje autorskih prava, Nebojša Grbačić (Plan B, Jasno&Glasno) misli kako bi se toj raširenoj praksi moglo stati na kraj naplatom web sadržaja. No, dodao je, to bi bilo teško jer smo navikli da je na internetu sve besplatno.	hr
Na zajedničkoj konferenciji za tisak glasnogovornice narodnjaka, socijaldemokrata i zelenih objavile su da će promjena biti provedena. Očekuje se da će parlament promjenu službeno odobriti tijekom jesenskog zasjedanja.	hr
Porat-Stradun-ispred Crkve sv. Vlaha	hr
Mislite li da će nova vlada biti sposobnija u privlačenju stranih investitora?	hr
Mladićevo tijelo prevezeno je u Zavod za sudsku medicinu i kriminalistiku, kriminalističko istraživanje je u tijeku, no zbog interesa istrage i zaštite obitelji žrtve policija nije izvijestila o detaljima.	hr
Vatrogasna zajednica Karlovačke županije poslala je 24 iskusna vatrogasca sa četiri dobro opremljena vatrogasna vozila na požarište Selce-Novi Vinodolski, rekao je Hini Dragutin Foschio, županijski vatrogasni zapovjednik.	hr
Ona da nam »prvo treba biti gore, da bi nam dugoročno bilo bolje«, za sada ne funkcionira. Bolji život na dugi rok zaista se oduljio, i malo koga zadovoljava. Jesti treba već danas. Ispada da će nam, dakle, unatoč odricanjima biti još i gore, dok s druge strane određeni sektori gospodarstva gomilaju ogromne profite, i nitko ih ne pita za zdravlje.	hr
Čilić je od devet break-prilika iskoristio četiri, a Rosol od šest jednu.	hr
Ova međunarodna izložba prvenstveno vina i opreme za vinarstvo i vinogradarstvo, a zatim i rakija, maslinovih ulja i ostalih domaćih proizvoda, drugi se put odražava u sportskoj dvorani Žatika, a broj izlagača jednak je lanjskomu - ukupno 130 njih iz Hrvatske, te susjedne Slovenije i Italije.	hr
- Nadam se da hoće. Najava ovogodišnje proslave u skladu je s mojim promišljanjima posljednjih 20 godina i budući da sam sada u prilici želim malo i utjecati da ona prođe u duhu zajedništva. Naravno, svi političari su dobrodošli kao potpora i kao ukras braniteljima, a ne kao što je to do sada nažalost bilo, da su branitelji bili ukras njima.	hr
Podmorje nije u potpunosti očišćeno, a akcija je pokazala da gosti marine nemaju dovoljno razvijenu ekološku svijest. Stoga je otpad nakon vađenja ostavljen neko vrijeme na uočljivom mjestu da bi posjetitelji mogli vidjeti što je sve pronađeno.	hr
Trevižan nam otkriva da im je na sastanku u resornom ministarstvu državni tajnik Tonči Božanić kazao da Ministarstvo ribarstva neće moći utjecati na cijenu goriva. Naime, država je već skinula trošarinu iz cijene plavog dizela, dok se zbog usklađivanja s europskim zakonima više ne smiju davati subvencije, odnosno isplaćivati razlike u tržišnoj cijeni i onoj koju traže ribari.	hr
Također, nedavno je drveni i pozlaćeni orao (ambon) iz crkve sv. Vlaha u Janjini poslan na restauriranje u Restauratorsku radionicu u Dubrovniku. Zub vremena ostavio je oštećenja na umjetnini koja godinama služi kao postolje za držanje liturgijskih knjiga. Zahvati na restauraciji figure orla izvedeni su pod vodstvom Nađe Lučić konzervatora-restauratora iz Dubrovnika.	hr
RIJEKA »Ruža vjetrova«, »Larin izbor«, »Loza« – dramske serije i sapunice koje gledatelje nacionalnih televizija ove jeseni oduševljavaju intrigantnim pričama iz dalmatinskog ambijenta, na male su ekrane dovele i neke riječke glumice i glumce. Poznati riječki kazališni i filmski glumac Alen Liverić u »Larinom izboru« Nove TV tumači ulogu odvjetnika obitelji Zlatar Zorana Armaninija.	hr
Jeste li očekivali da će tek nakon nekoliko mjeseci doći do kadrovske rekonstrukcije? Mislim na bivšega ministra Zlatka Komadinu?	hr
Hoće li se svima dati jednako, ili će neke udruge imati prioritet?	hr
U timu je i dosta umjetnika, primjerice, Helena Bulaja, Anne Hill, Csongor Farkas, mnogi drugi. Koja je njihova zadaća?	hr
Njega će u zastupničkim klupama mijenjati HSU-ova Ljiljana Cvjetović. Sabor bi obje jutrošnje odluke MIP-a trebao potvrditi sutra, tijekom glasovanja o raspravljenim točkama, kada bi Ljiljana Cvjetović trebala položiti zastupničku prisegu.	hr
Nakon što su prošla izdanja festivala propitivala teme gradskog prostora i javnosti, tematski fokus ovogodišnjeg festivala je zemlja - kao pitanje ekologije, ekonomije i politike, ističe se u priopćenju HRFF-a.	hr
"Očito je da je bitno financijski osposobiti gospodarstvo. Novac nije problem, imamo ga i iz međunarodnih institucija, a sada s ovim novim mjerama HNB-a i dodatnu likvidnost", naglasio je Linić.	hr
»Jedini način koji je dobar i koji smo predložili je da se razdvoji pitanje ratifikacije od pitanja Ljubljanske banke. Oni su prihvatili tu inicijativu da hrvatska i slovenska strana imenuju financijskog stručnjaka koji će predložiti rješenje«, izjavila je Pusić novinarima u zračnoj luci Pleso, uoči puta u Bruxelles.	hr
SKUPŠTINA MEĐIMURSKOG NOGOMETNOG SAVEZA: Davor Šuker i jako izaslanstvo HNS-a zahvalili za međimurske glasove	hr
Slušaonica '90's Eurodance, večer posvećena najpopularnijoj dance glazbi prošlog desetljeća, održati će se ovu subotu u Klubu mladih Orlando.	hr
Očita je krajnja uznemirenost apologeta komunističkih zločina. U zemlji u kojoj do danas nije bilo ni najmanjih pomaka u procesuiranju komunističkih zločina dostatno je da ih posve raspameti obična javna rasprava i par vijenaca na otoku koji čuva trajnu uspomenu na njihov zločin.	hr
Nesreća se dogodila u četvrtak nešto prije ponoći, a još uvijek nije jasno kako je do nje došlo jer je vozač izgubio kontrolu nad vozilom u blagom zavoju koji, barem na prvi pogled, nije toliko opasan da bi došlo do takvog izlijetanja. Je li vozač od vrućine i premorenosti na trenutak zaspao, ili je nešto drugo izazvalo tešku nesreću, još se utvrđuje.	hr
Prije nekoliko mjeseci počela je obnova hotela Histria, koji će dobiti četiri zvjezdice i novo ime, Park Plaza Histria. Radovi bi trebali biti okončani do svibnja. Uz Histriju, u potpunosti će se obnoviti i apartmansko naselje Punta Verudela. Hotel i naselje neće promijeniti vanjski izgled, već se glavnina obnove odnosi na smještajne kapacitete.	hr
Ministrica vanjskih i europskih poslova Vesna Pusić uputila je u srijedu pismo zahvale slovenskom ministru vanjskih poslova Samuelu Žbogaru na pomoći koju su nadležna tijela Republike Slovenije pružila hrvatskim državljanima nakon havarije Costa Concordije.	hr
Izložba je osmišljena kao forum za umjetničku debatu o metodama i reprezentacijskim formama koje karakteriziraju društveni fenomen i suvremeni diskurs.	hr
Naslovne uloge treće jednočinke ''Dubrovačke trilogije'' tumače doajeni hrvatskog glumišta Tonko Lonza, Pero Kvrgić, Miše Martinović, Marija Kohn i Milka Porug Kokotović, dok mlađu glumačku postavu čine Nikša Kušelj, Nataša Dangubić-Jelčić, Ana Kraljević, Franka Klarić, Karla Brbić i drugi. Koreografiju potpisuje Miljenko Vikić, scenografiju Ivica Prlender, kostimografiju Ika Škomrlj i Diana Kosec Bourek a za glazbu je zadužena Paola Dražić Zekić.	hr
Posjet američkog predsjednika Baracka Obame Afganistanu proveden je u tolikoj tajnosti da je nalikovao scenama iz špijunskih trilera, napisao je novinar ABC-ja Richard Coolidge koji je bio u Obaminoj novinarskoj pratnji tijekom cijelog putovanja.	hr
– Ne pravi se da ne znaš. Pa čitao si valjda šta kaže Duško Bilandžić. Jebote, Tuđman se još prije nego što je počeo rat u Bosni dogovorio s Miloševićem da cijela Bosanska Posavina pripadne Srbiji.	hr
Ukoliko ste obožavatelji ovog dvojca valja napomenuti da Nacional.hr dijeli deset puta po dvije ulaznice koje možete osvojiti ukoliko do 1. rujna do 16 sati pošaljete mail na nagrada@nacional.hr.	hr
- Trebali bi dobiti sve tri utakmice, dakle, i Novo vrijeme u Gospinom polju te dočekati još jedan kiks Makarana. Novo vrijeme, istina, u zadnjem kolu dočekuje vrlo dobru Torcidu, ali ukoliko uoči tog zadnjeg kola mi i dođemo na samo bod zaostatka, ne vjerujem kako će Makarani i to prokockati. Naravno, tko ne bi volio kad bi se to dogodilo, ali... - dodao je Gvozden.	hr
Kao i tadašnji direktor Koksara Edo Piacun, koji je također podnio tužbu zbog nelegalnog otkaza, Goran Šafar smijenjen je i dobio otkaz zbog navodnog sukoba interesa.	hr
Trostmann, napisao je Seifried u predgovoru koji prati izložbu, lakoćom “skoka gazele” prelazi sa velikog na mali format i iznenađuje svježinom i minucioznošću slikarskog lirizma na granici poetike svojstvene velikim majstorima.	hr
Tek godinu star, sidreni sustav u staroj gradskoj luci težak gotovo dva milijuna kuna, već je pokazao svoje slabosti. Zamijenjene su spojnice (gambeti) između lanca i konopa kojim je plovilo na dva mjesta (po provi i krmi) povezano s centralnim lancem postavljenim na morskom dnu. Na taj su nedostatak ukazali upravo korisnici vezova u portu koji za svoja plovila na sidrištu godišnje plaćaju sto kuna po dužnom metru.	hr
Odgovor na dodatna pitanja Peruško nam je obećao poslati u srijedu. Međutim, neslužbeno saznajemo da će se na tom dijelu grada doista uvesti naplata parkiranja i to za drugu parkirnu zonu. To će obavljati Pula parking kao ovlašteno gradsko poduzeće.	hr
Naglasila je da se dolaskom ljepšeg vremena primjećuje blagi rast cijena kvadratnog metra u priobalnim gradovima što je, tvrdi, povezano s dolaskom turističke sezone i optimizmom građana da će ona biti uspješna.	hr
Gradonačelnik Grada Dubrovnika Andro Vlahušić primio je jučer mons. Naregu Alemeziana, armenskog biskupa u pratnji povjesničara Vinicija Lupisa i don Bernarda Pleše. Prijemu su nazočile i savjetnica ministrice kulture u Armeniji Naira Yeghiazaryana i predsjednica Društva Armenaca u Dubrovniku Naira Asatrjana.	hr
The Bathroom Diaries je najveća svjetska baza podataka toaleta kreirana 2000. godine koja se konstantno nadopunjava. Na stranici se mogu pronaći informacije o više od 12 tisuća javnih toaleta u preko 120 zemalja.	hr
U cijeloj 2010. godini sakupljeno je 1.518.268 kilograma olupina što bi iznosilo okvirno 2.169 komada otpadnih vozila, a samo u prva četiri mjeseca tekuće godine Metis je po pozivu građana pokupio 397 olupina. Za očekivati je da će ova statistika doživjeti značajne "skokove" nakon ovakvog povećanja naknade za građane.	hr
"U RS nismo osjetili učinke tih poslova, a i dalje ne postoji naklonost (međunarodne zajednice) prema stajalištima RS", stoji u priopćenju SDS-a uz podsjećanje kako su lobistički poslovi dogovarani u uskom krugu unutar vladajućeg Saveza nezavisnih socijaldemokrata (SNSD) kojemu je na čelu Dodik.	hr
Ušli ste u HDZ dok ga je vodio Ivo Sanader, a ne 1998. ili 1999. godine. Što je on to napravio da ste se odlučili na taj korak?	hr
Vraćamo se na južnoafričke teme. Voli li uopće nogomet?	hr
Prema iznimno uspješnoj i obostrano plodnoj komunikaciji s vjernicima i njegovoj vitalnosti, u fizičkom i u intelektualnom smislu, župnik Peranić je omiljeni svećenik kojeg Novljani, ako se njih bude pitalo, još dugo neće htjeti pustiti u mirovinu.	hr
Oni svjedoče da su stambeni prostori bili udobni i funkcionalni. Šest nužnika u Starom gradu Ribniku ili četiri u Kneževom dvoru na Lopudu predstavljaju i za današnje vrijeme visok standard.	hr
U slučaju da momčad izbornika Joachima Loewa dospije do finala Svjetskog prvenstva u Južnoj Africi samo bi pet posto Nijemaca seks pretpostavilo gledanju te utakmice.	hr
Uz to HEP opskrba, koja pokriva širu okolicu Zagreba, od kupaca iz gospodarstva, koji imaju posebne ugovore za isporuku električne energije, potražuje 99 milijuna kuna, što je 28 milijuna kuna više nego lani.	hr
Dvadesetak godina je prošlo od prvih izbora i sve se teže oteti dojmu da cijelo vrijeme glasamo za šest istih ljudi. Od toga su dvojica mrtvi, a jedan je u zatvoru.	hr
U HDZ-u izbacuju kad protiv nekog člana postoji pravomoćna presuda, tako da su u stranci i dalje, primjerice, Neven Jurica čija presuda nije pravomoćna, bivši direktori javnih poduzeća Ivan Mravak, Jurica Prskalo, Darko Beuk, kao i Nevenka Jurak, protiv kojih su kazneni postupci u različitoj fazi. (D. C./NL)	hr
"Mi smo pojeli sami sebe. Trošimo negdje oko 20 milijardi kuna više od mogućeg. U periodu od 2006. do 2010., gospodine Hebrang, potrošili smo 90 milijardi kuna - 90 milijardi kuna više od zarađenog. Za toliko smo se znači i zadužili i cca toliko smo i kredita vratili. Pa toliko nije koštao rat, niti posljedice rata.	hr
Do ljeta će se provesti i mjerenja i analiza stanja fekalne i oborinske odvodnje povijesne jezgre kako bi se projekt njene rekonstrukcije pripremio za financiranje iz fondova EU.	hr
Organizator Lupa Promotion preporuča stoga posjetiteljima da ponesu kabanice jer se kišobrani neće smjeti unositi unutar ograđenog prostora u kojem će se održati koncert. Neće biti dopušteno unošenje ni deka, stolica, boca ni oštrih predmeta.	hr
Stipe Bralić, izbornik hrvatske ženske košarkaške reprezentacije vjeruje kako njegova ekipa može izboriti nastup na Olimpijskim igrama u Londonu, dakle, biti među pet najboljih reprezentacija kvalifikacijskog turnira, koji se u Ankari igra od 25. lipnja do 1. srpnja.	hr
Možda je doista došlo vrijeme kad bi za ovu zemlju, pa i za sam konzervativniji dio političke scene u njoj, najbolje bilo da politička stranka koju smo svi poznavali pod kraticom HDZ - jednostavno nestane.	hr
Čini se da niti odroni kamenja s palače zadnjih tjedana niti apeli građana, vijećnika i medija nisu pridonijeli da odgovorni konačno nešto poduzmu, pa makar to bilo samo postavljanje zaštitne skele ili tek upozorenje da prolazak tim predjelom može biti itekako opasan.	hr
Prethodno je formalni većinski vlasnik Rezidencije Skiper u 75 posto udjela bila građevinska tvrtka Vegrad iz Velenja, glavni izvođač radova, a ostatak je držala Hypo banka iz Klagenfurta.	hr
"To su trenutačno tri najveća izazova za Hrvatsku", rekao je Hahm u intervjuu za washingtonsko dopisništvo televizije Al-Jazeera Balkan.	hr
Pescara je jedno od prva dva mjesta koja vode u Seriju A osigurala gostujućom pobjedom protiv Sampdorije (3-1). Istaknimo kako će u doigravanju za treću ulaznicu u Seriju A igrati Sassuolo, Verona, Varese i Sampdoria.	hr
Naglašava kako nema sumnje kako će nova uprava JANAF-a i Vlada stati na stranu grada Siska. Ističe kako novim rješenjem i mogućim tužbama žele 'skrenuti pažnju javnosti na nedopustvu samovolju državnih organa i uprava javni tvrtki, kao i na čudne presude Upravnog suda u njiihovu korist'.	hr
Ono što sa sigurnošću znamo jest to da nepoznati ukrajinski milijunaš i ove godine ljetuje u vili Lovorka, za koju je platio najamninu pet godina unaprijed. Tim je novcem lani ova vila renovirana i u nju je ugrađena najmodernija tehnika, kako u kuhinji, tako i u zasebnoj wellness zoni u sklopu vile.	hr
Knjiga 'Tajna magneta srca' Ruedigera Schachea, koju zagrebačko Znanje preporučuje za Valentinovo, otkriva kako da u svoj život privučemo ono što želimo, a izbjegnemo da nam se neprestano ponavljaju neželjeni obrasci i neugodne situacije u odnosima s drugima. Veliki hit popularne psihologije, poput fenomena Tajna prodanog u više od 20 milijuna primjeraka, objašnjava tajanstvenu moć zračenja i privlačenja koja nam uvelike određuje život.	hr
»Mi smo za to da sve strane provedu privremeni sporazum. Sukobi na etničkoj osnovi nisu prihvatljivi i ne bi se trebali događati u Europi«, rekao je Westerwelle na konferenciji za novinstvo nakon susreta s predsjednikom kosovske vlade Hashimom Thacijem.	hr
Stvaranje glazbe za film »Sonja i bik« Ivankin kolega, svestrani zagrebački glazbenik Stanislav Stanko Kovačić naziva prekrasnim iskustvom.	hr
- Miran sam jer sam prije devet mjeseci dočekao gubitke, a napuštam tvrtku sa 200 tisuća kuna dobiti - kratko je kazao Kapelina.	hr
Riješilo je tako sudsko vijeće kojim je predsjedao sudac Zdravko Garić nakon što su u ponedjeljak saslušani posljednji svjedoci - Luka Ferri, kojega je Đukić prije gotovo 12 godina, stražareći na otpadu, upucao jednim hicem iz kalašnjikova te tadašnji vlasnik deponija Slobodan Milaković.	hr
Posljednjih godinu dana bilo je teško razdoblje obilježeno krizom te da se unatoč tome nastojalo graditi i stvarati onoliko koliko je situacija to omogućavala, naglasio je gradonačelnik Klaudio Vitasović.	hr
Globalna prodaja lijekova za dijabetes iznosila je 35 milijardi dolara prošle godine a mogla bi porasti na čak 48 milijardi dolara do 2015., potaknuta povećanjem učestalosti bolesti i liječenja, osobito u zemljama poput Kine, Indije, Meksika i Brazila, prema istraživanju tvrtke IMS Health.	hr
Mladi Zuckerberg predstavio je ove godine i Open Graph, protokol koji omogućuje socijalnu integraciju i Facbook funkcionalnosti na drugim stranicama bez potrebe za registracijom korisnika. Iako predstavljeno kao obogaćivanje korisničkog iskustva i prilagođavanje sadržaja i ponude stranica osobnim preferencijama ponovo je povučeno pitanje zadiranja u privatnost i stvaranja monopola što je primoralo Facbook da još jednom napravi reviziju kontrole privatnosti za korisnike.	hr
rastu plaće do 7.500 kuna brutto, odnosno 5.800 kuna neto rastu u prosjeku šezdesetak kuna	hr
– čulo se na obilasku broda, priređenom za snimatelje i novinare, uz vodstvo kapetana »Galeba« Željka Matejčića te riječkog gradonačelnika Vojka Obersnela i autora izložbe Branka Franceschija.	hr
Dvojica Turaka privedena su Prekršajnom sudu dva dana nakon grandioznog otvorenja hotela, kojemu su prethodili napisi o navodnom angažmanu stotinjak konobara i kuhara iz Turske za pripremu svečanog banketa. Iz hotela su tada opovrgnuli priče o "uvezenoj" radnoj snazi i pojasnili kako su kao ispomoć za ceremonijal otvaranja angažirali isključivo dubrovački kadar.	hr
Policijska je istraga pokazala da je 25-godišnjak na isti način, ali uz pomoć tri godine mlađeg razbojnik, 28. lipnja opljačkao nakit i novac iz poslovnice za otkup zlata u Vodicama, a 19. srpnja iz jedne šibenske poslovnice.	hr
od 1. svibnja više neće biti isplate plaća bez uplate doprinosa, napominjući kako će poslodavcima koji ne uplaćuju doprinose i plaće za svoje zaposlene Porezna uprava blokirati račune.	hr
crte oštećeno je osobno vozio marke Fiat Stilo, beogradskih reg.oznaka, vlasništvo 31-godišnjaka iz Beograda. Materijalna šteta iznosi oko 200 kuna.	hr
Policija je utvrdila da vozač autobusa i ozlijeđena pješakinja nisu bili pod utjecajem alkohola. Protiv pješakinje slijedi podnošenje optužnog prijedloga, izvijestila je policija.	hr
Upitan može li vlada na neki način ublažiti udar na standard građana, ustvrdio je da ni jedna vlada ne može utjecati na svjetske cijene energije. Dodao je da Ministarstvo gospodarstva do 2009. nije određivalo cijene u energiji, odnosno "da se nije pravilo da ih određuje" te da se nakon toga vlada Jadranke Kosor odlučila proglasiti nadležnom za cijene svjetske energije, ali to nije imalo nikakav utjecaj.	hr
"Pliva je u postupku certificiranja osvojila čak 99% bodova, najviše u usporedbi s ostalim farmaceutskim kompanijama, a posebne pohvale odnose se na visoke iznose ulaganja u razvoj zaposlenika. Zbog svega toga stručnjaci iz područja ljudskih potencijala Plivu svrstavaju među začetnike modernog pristupa upravljanju ljudskim potencijalima", izjavio je Aleksandar Zemunić na svečanosti uručenja certifkata.	hr
- Za svetog Stjepana kralja ugarskog, je rekao kako je to svetac koji je bio uzoran ugarski kralj, uzoran otac i vjernik, koji je utemeljitelj mađarske države i Katoličke crkve u Mađarskoj i kojem je posvećena zagrebačka katedrala. (S. Mesarić)	hr
Podsjetimo, Breivik je otvorio svoj profil na Twitteru tek nekoliko sati prije no što je izveo bombaški napad na središte Osla, a potom i masakr na otoku Utoya.	hr
"Pustite civile da odu. Jer koja je alternativa? Zarobiti ih? Natjerati vojske da se bore oko toga čiji su civili?", parafrazirao je dio Brijunskih transkripata Mišetić.	hr
- Kvalitetna i produktivna suradnja IDS-a i SU-a u kratkom vremenskom periodu rezultirala je formalizacijom suradnje u vidu potpisivanja sporazuma kojim će se pridonijeti uspostavljanju još bolje suradnje između ove dvije stranke, rekao je Boljunčić.	hr
Prikupljene fotografije će se obraditi i pažljivo spojiti, a sam proces će trajati nekoliko mjeseci. Fotografije će kasnije biti dostupne na usluzi Street View na Google Maps.	hr
Na pitanje o kadroviranju u svome uredu te hoće li zadržati postojeći kadar, kazao je kako će svi oni koji mogu pratiti njegov tempo moći ostati.	hr
Pod ravnanjem dirigentice Ines Kovačić Drndić, pazinski su pjevači potvrdili reputaciju jednog od najboljih pjevačkih zborova u Istri, a domaćoj su se publici predstavili uobičajenom kombinacijom novog i standardnog materijala.	hr
( u daljnjem tekstu Prijedlog plana) trajat će 15 dana, od 06.ožujka do 21.ožujka 2012.	hr
Proslavi su također nazočili i Željko Jovanović - Ministar znanosti , obrazovanja i sporta, Iva Prpić -pomoćnica Ministrice socijalne politike i mladih te Potpredsjednice Vlade RH, Anka Slonjšak - Pravobraniteljica za osobe s invaliditetom te Tatjana Dalić - pomoćnica Ministra rada i mirovinskoga sustava.	hr
Pojačan je promet na autocesti A1, na naplati Lučko na ulazu na autocestu zabilježena su kraća čekanja.	hr
Obiteljski pristup, kao najuspješniji model rehabilitacije, njeguje se u svim međimurskim klubovima:	hr
Izvoz oružja iz BiH bio je privremeno zaustavljen nakon što je utvrđeno kako su neke pošiljke uz posredovanje problematičnih tvrtki završavale u kriznim žarištima i državama koje su pod embargom Ujedinjenih naroda.	hr
Naime, 31. ožujka 2011. godine, temeljem važećeg Zakona o javnoj nabavi objavljeno je javno nadmetanje za zaključenje okvirnog sporazuma za pružanje telekomunikacijskih usluga u mobilnoj mreži na razdoblje od 19 mjeseci na osnovi kojeg svaki sudionik nadmetanja, pa tako i Grad Rijeka, zaključuje pojedinačne ugovore o pružanju usluga u mobilnoj telefoniji.	hr
Kada je o javnoj rasvjeti riječ standardi u smislu sigurnosti, energetske učinkovitosti i svjetlotehnike visoki su, stoga je prilikom odabira određenog proizvoda nužno biti oprezniji nego inače, ističe Filip Jerkić, samostalni suradnik za razvoj, investicije i proširenje javne rasvjete u Energu, koncesionaru javne rasvjete u Rijeci.	hr
Jelačić dodaje da te »neosnovane spekulacije ne mogu ni na koji način biti dovedene u vezu sa zdravstvenim stanjem zbog kojeg je danas pod medicinskim tretmanom«. Mladićev beogradski odvjetnik Miloš Šaljić u ponedjeljak je srbijanskoj agenciji Tanjug kazao kako je njegov branjenik obolio od upale pluća te je iz pritvora prebačen u bolnicu.	hr
Recimo da je Vonn s novih 100 bodova došla do ogromnih 1170 u Svjetskom kupu. Njena je prednost ogromna jer drugoplasirana Maze ima 818, odnosno, više od 350 bodova je razlika.	hr
Francuska je zakonom priznala dva genocida, nad Židovima tijekom Drugog svjetskog rata te Armencima tijekom Prvog svjetskog rata. Dosad je kažnjavala samo negiranje prvog genocida. Da bi zakon konačno bio prihvaćen, mora ga potvrditi i Senat, a datum glasovanja još nije utvrđen.	hr
U jednom od svojih iskaza opisala je i odnos Barišića s bivšim Sanaderovim glasnogovornikom Mačekom, koji je navodno lobirao da se stranački poslovi ne obavljaju preko Fimi medije nego društva Massol. Toj je tvrtci, kako je rekla, otišao najveći dio donacije od 9,7 milijuna kuna doniranih za potrebe predsjedničke kampanje Jadranke Kosor.	hr
Tragedija se dogodila oko 8,40 sati dok je radnik bojio stup, održavajući kontaktnu mrežu. Kako neslužbeno doznajemo, visoki napon je navodno bio isključen, no nesretnik je rukom uhvatio za povratni vod i ubila ga je struja.	hr
NEWS: Vaš poslovni život bio je i jest dinamičan. Kakav je bio vaš privatni život?	hr
NOVI VINODOLSKI Na konferenciji za novinare gradonačelnik Novog Vinodolskog Oleg Butković predočio je dokumente Trgovačkog suda u Rijeci iz kojih je vidljivo da su vlasnici Hotela Novi d.o.o. u Novom Vinodolskom Bruno Orešar i Gordan Širola podnijeli zahtjev za stečaj Hotela Novi d.o.o.	hr
"Također treba razmotriti da li bi finski porezni obveznici uopće trebali financirati bogatu, multinacionalnu zakladu", kazao je ministar na svom blogu nakon predstavljanja projekta.	hr
Članovi Agroturizma Konavle do kraje ove nedjelje obići će imanja u Virovitičko-podravskoj i Brodsko-posavskoj županiji, te edukacijski izlet zaključiti odlaskom u BiH. K.C.	hr
Ministar pomorstva, prometa i infrastrukture Zlatko Komadina najavio je također u najskorije vrijeme donošenje zakona koji će bivše analogne tv frekvencije dati na raspolaganje telekomunikacijskim operaterima, kako bi se građanima omogućio što šira mogućnost uvođenja širokopojasnog interneta u sve sredine.	hr
Drugu nagradu, poklon bon u vrijednosti pet tisuća kuna za kupovinu u trgovini kućnim potrepštinama Coin Casa dobio je Ive Kos iz Nedešćine, Šumber 15.	hr
- A kako će i bit ribe kada ove jahte sve zagađuju? – pita se nakratko pogledavši simbole moći materijalističkog svijeta.	hr
Mnogi sadržaji vezani uz Harteru moći će se doznati putem interaktivne mobilne aplikacije. Sadržaji aplikacije otključavaju se skeniranjem QR kodova koji će biti raspoređeni po prostoru bivše tvornice, a navode do tajne koncertne lokacije	hr
- Podizanjem informatičke pismenosti u tvrtkama i državnoj upravi, ne samo da se stvara stručniji i za rad motiviraniji kadar, već i naša država postaje konkurentnija na europskom i svjetskom tržištu, što je od velikog značaja pred ulazak Hrvatske u Europsku Uniju, kazao je predsjednik Hrvatskog informatičkog zbora i Nacionalni ECDL koordinator Marijan Frković.	hr
Nakon apstinencije, korištenje kondoma je najefikasniji način zaštite od prenošenja HIV/AIDS-a i drugih spolno prenosivih bolesti. «HIV se ne prenosi druženjem. Svi imamo pravo biti sretni. Koristiti kondom pokazuje da ti je stalo do vlastitog zdravlja i zdravlja osobe koju voliš.» - samo su neke od poruka sa sinoćnjeg koncerta.	hr
Osim što su preporučili zaštitna sredstva svoje tvrtke, predavači su upozorili na potrebu pravovremenog tretiranja, na pridržavanje količina škropiva te na kvalitetu sredstava za tretiranje, koja mogu biti originalni ali i generici. Organizator predavanja bila je udruga voćara, vinogradara i povrćara Općine Sveti Martin na Muri. (sm)	hr
Pomiješajte pet žlica meda, dcl mlake vode i jednu žlice cimeta. Dobivenom smjesom masirajte upaljena područja. Intenzitet bola trebao bi se smanjiti već kroz nekoliko minuta.	hr
Serracchiani, članica talijanske demokratske stranke, napisala je pismo Ashton jer je pravomoćnom postala presuda kojom je Matvejević osuđen na pet mjeseci zatvora, uvjetno na dvije godine, na temelju privatne tužbe Mile Pešorde zbog teksta iz studenoga 2001. naslovljenog "Naši talibani" u kojem je Matvejević Pešordu svrstao među širitelje ratne mržnje.	hr
Ruski predsjednik Dmitrij Medvedev odredio je premijeru Vladimiru Putinu 1. srpanj kao rok za početak smjenjivanja ministara iz uprava državnih tvrtki, uljučujući i moćnoga Putinova zamjenika Igora Sečina.	hr
Najbolju šansu u prvom dijelu Hajduk je pretvorio u vodstvo u 34. minuti. Lijepo proigravanje Andrijaševića u prazan prostor, a Vukušić je sa desetak metara iskosa pogodio mrežu.	hr
S reprezentacijom je otputovao i Vlaho Radičević, dubrovački međunarodni vaterpolski sudac, koji će suditi na Mediteranskim igrama u Pescari. Radičević je već dva puta sudio na Mediteranskim igrama, 2001. u Tunisu te 2005. u španjolskoj Almeriji.	hr
"Nezadovoljni građani uglavnom mumljaju i potiho govore da ih nitko ne čuje kako su to sve pljačkaši i lopovi, a kad dođu izbori, pobjegnu nekamo da ne bi glasali. Uza sve, sada je u modi govoriti da su svi isti. U zemlji u kojoj je tiho ne mogu se dogoditi nikakve promjene", upozorava Kovač.	hr
Ne držište puno do političara. Postoji li ipak neka stranka koju biste javno podržali i kako gledate na kolege glazbenike koji su pjevali u predizbornim kampanjama?	hr
Uz najpoznatijeg francuskog ambasadora elektronike, islandski multimedijalni kolektiv, glazbenu instituciju u Sound System postavi i sve poznatiji kanadski kvartet, punu listu izvođača čine i francuski electro zavodnik Gesaffelstein, tvorac kovanice turbofolk i jedan od općenito najcitiranijih umjetnika s ovih prostora Rambo Amadeus, legendarni beogradski bend Darkwood Dub i bosanski hardcore pjesnik Damir Avdić.	hr
Da Silva se ozlijedio nakon svega 28 minuta utakmice 22. kola ukrajinskog prvenstva na gostovanju kod Iličevca. Hrvatski je reprezentativac šepajući napustio travnjak, a u utorak su došli i nalazi magnetske rezonance (MR) koji su pokazali da nije riječ o težoj ozlijedi.	hr
Što je zajedničko manekenki Ljupki Gojić i supermodelu Caprice? Osim što su obje modeli, ovih dana i jedna i druga borave u Dubrovniku u kojemu planiraju proširiti posao.	hr
Mektić će u četvrtfinalu igrati protiv Njemca Marca Sibera, a Marcan će za polufinale igrati protiv Crnogorca Gorana Tošića, sedmog nositelja. Četvrtfinale su izborili još Talijan Andrea Arnaboldi, prvi nositelj, kojem je slijedeći suparnik peti nositelj, Španjolac Pedro Clar-Rossello. Mađar Balasz će se za polufinale boriti protiv osmog nositelja, Aldina Sektića iz BiH.	hr
Izdavači slikovnice su Matica hrvatska – Ogranak Dubrovnik i Francuska alijansa Dubrovnik. Bajku je na scenu postavila prof. Radmila Milaković. Sudjelovali su učenici OŠ Lapad (prof. Kate Divizić), Ekonomske škole (prof. Lovorka Šišić) i Gimnazije Dubrovnik – polaznici tečaja AFD (prof. Ivana Soldo).	hr
Iako se od njega svojedobno tražilo da se odrekne alkohola, on je to odbio. Doduše, hvalio se da prije doručka nije pio žestoka pića. Jednom prilikom je izjavio da je on uzeo više od alkohola, nego alkohol od njega.	hr
Otvaranje koncertne sezone 2009/10.g. u klubu mladih «Orlando» pripala je Švicarskoj grupi GONOREAS čiji su članovi ljubitelji životinja. Dio prihoda sa koncerta poklonili su Utočištu. Vjerni prijatelji iz «Orlanda» sa švicarskim muzičarima posjetili su nas na Žarkovici	hr
Vlada se ponovno zaletjela s imenovanjem pa je Sanju Kalamburu imenovala šeficom Fonda za zaštitu okoliša i energetsku učinkovitost iako je protiv nje na snazi USKOK-ova optužnica. Riječ je o optužnici iz svibnja 2010. godine zbog koje se još uvijek vodi postupak na Županijskom sudu u Zagrebu.	hr
Nedaleko od janjaca, koji su se okretali na ražnjevima bačvari su nudili slavonske hrastove bačve, kovači pristigli iz Bosne sačeve, motike, sjekire, srpove dikele i ostala priručna sredstva za obradu zemlje, koji se i danas koriste i dobro dođu u poljima.	hr
Dio Vukovarske ulice, uvođenjem preregulacije, više neće biti dvosmjeran već će postati jednosmjeran na obje prometne trake. Završetak radova na ovoj dionici, koja je iznimno oštećena, planiran je već ovog vikenda, pa će dotad i gradski autobusi prometovati alternativnim pravcem. Radove izvodi pulska Cesta. (S. Z. T.)	hr
Među današnjim "titoistima" nema, siguran sam, nikoga tko bi pokušavao obnoviti SFRJ, dok među "ustašama" svi živi zagovaraju NDH i iskreno pate zbog toga što to Šušak nije uspio izvesti, a tako je blizu bio, jedino što nije uspio nikome prodati Istru i Dalmaciju, ali našlo bi se i za to načina, samo da su povijesne okolnosti bile povoljnije...	hr
Iako je Glavni odbor SDP-a sinoć usvojio popise sa imenima kandidata i njihovim rangom na listama, u vrhu SDP-a tvrde da nema nikakve prepreke da se ova rošada naknadno napravi.	hr
"Područje je evakuirano. To se ne odnosi na cijeli glavni kolodvor već na dobar dio", dodao je.	hr
Prema istraživanju jedne ugledne agencije koja prati tijekove na tržištu rada u SAD-u čak 20 posto zaposlenih Amerikanaca sudjeluje u internim klađenjima za vrijeme »March Madnessa« koje sami organiziraju unutar svojih tvrtki, i u takvom klađenju cirkuliraju milijarde dolara.	hr
Dani turizma bit će prigoda i za dodjelu turističkih nagrada Hrvatske turističke zajednice Plavi i Zeleni cvijet za najuređenija mjesta te nagrada najboljim djelatnicima u turizmu ove godine. Svoju nagradu Turistički cvijet dodjelit će Hrvatska gospodarska komora i Hrvatska radio televizija. U petak će na skupu sudjelovati i premijerka Jadranka Kosor. (B. BAN, snimio M. MIJOŠEK)	hr
- i dalje je na snazi aspekat borbe strukture i organizacije protiv vlastitih disidenata, pobunjenika unutar vladajućekoalicije.	hr
Lovro Zovko se pridružio hrvatskoj reprezentaciji kako bi pomogao u parovima. No, budući da Ivo Karlović zbog ozljede ramena niti u srijedu nije mogao na teren, morao je Zovko odraditi i drugi meč u pojedinačnoj konkurenciji.	hr
- U Novom Vinodolskom imamo najbolje uvjete za rad. Tereni su odlični - kazao je Ćiro. U srijedu će reprezentacija BiH igrati protiv hrvatskog četvrtoligaša Novog Vinodolskog, a u četvrtak putuje za Sarajevo odakle će Spahić i ekipa zrakoplovom krenuti put Lisabona.	hr
Primljeni novac Mravak je, prema optužnici, proslijedio tadašnjem rizničaru HDZ-a Barišiću, po čijem nalogu je Mravak navodno i tražio mito.	hr
"Mi smo veliki klub i ne bi bilo dobro da baš svi o svemu isto mislimo", kazao je Kalmeta, a na dodatno pitanje nije li HDZ-ov klub do sada bio jedinstven u stavu, odgovorio je kako se rade iskoraci i u tom smislu.	hr
Ščeglov je pretvorio dotadašnja ulaganja u vlasničku strukturu što će učiniti i ostali vjerovnici. Dva najveća su pulska Cementara i Grupacija Puljanka koji to žele u trećem krugu privatizacije, dok bi u četvrtom krugu dionice, po cijeni od 500 kuna, mogli kupiti navijači.	hr
"To je trajan proces a u posljednjih osam godina se u Hrvatskoj nažalost nije učinilo ništa", ustvrdio je Čačić.	hr
Potres nije uzrokovao nova oštećenja na nuklearci Fukushimi Daiichi koja je bila teško oštećena u potresu 11. ožujka, javio je operater Tepco.	hr
"Ako se parkirate na to 'njihovo' mjesto, već s balkona viču i psuju, a ako ih odlučite ignorirati, na svom vozilu kasnije pronađete podignute brisače automobila, prijeteće poruke na vjetrobranskom staklu, a bilo je slučajeva da je automobil pošaran sprejem ili da mu je oštećena šasija", kazali su nam čitatelji koji su željeli ostati anonimni zbog straha da bi im se nešto moglo dogoditi.	hr
Zbog održavanja 1. Autoslaloma Puljanka 2011. za sav će promet od 8 do 18 sati u subotu biti zatvorena Ulica 119. brigade, dakle ulica koja se uz more proteže od Veslačkog kluba do Partizanskog puta, jer će se na njoj organizirati trkalište.	hr
Na podjeli informatičke opreme namijenjene djeci iz obitelji s četvero i više djece, kojima roditelji ne mogu kupiti informatičku opremu, bili su i donatori - od pojedinaca, predstavnika mnogih udruga i odvjetnika do načelnika općina. Riječ je o trećoj akciji te udruge, a dosad je podijeljeno 120 računala.	hr
- Šta ćemo još, šta ćemo još..., ponavljala je premijerka kao da pjevuši dječju brojalicu, lupkajući pritom nervozno nogom o parket tako da je i masivni stol u njenoj radnoj sobi podrhtavao.	hr
- Neću reći da su izjave oporbe bogohulne, ali... Zapitajmo se zašto nije prošao prvi natječaj za dodjelu koncesije za kupalište Stoja. A u isto vrijeme očekujemo da prihodi kapnu ni iz čega. Izvršenje prošlogodišnjeg proračuna je realno, sukladno današnjem gospodarstvu, zaključio je Martinčić.	hr
Njih 10 učenika (zanimanje kuhar) ozbiljno je prihvatilo mogućnost obrazovanja preko HZZ, kaže predavač Ivica Palinić iz Suvremenog učilišta u Splitu. Iako je tečaj po njemu bio kratak, samo 2,5 mjeseca, učenici su svakodnevno pohađali školski teoretski dio, dok su ovaj kuharski catering vršili u hotelu Korčula i svojom poslugom pokazali stručnu i vizualnu sposobnost catering poslužitelja.	hr
I nije prošlo puno godina od kada imamo ovaj problem u našoj Pješčanoj Uvali, negdje oko šest. Pa naravno, tko bi se bavio glupostima ovakvog tipa; bitno je građane "zavesti", dati im pusta obećanja u vidu izgradnje šetnice i ostalih mega projekata, pa onda polako odraditi koji mandat laganini, biti blizu vatre i poslije reći, a nismo uspjeli, trudili smo se, ta znate da je recesija!	hr
To što je za HDZ-ovce, pa i jednog Matušića, to argument da šef države radi u korist jedne političke opcije, ne znači ništa. Pa nije li normalno da vladajući, koji su u padu, unaprijed traže alibi za svoj, kako se čini, neminovni poraz?! Ali, u tom porazu će im puno više pomoći Ivo Sanader nego Ivo Josipović.	hr
Vino je suho, ugodno toplo te djelomično mekano, a s druge strane je svježe te ugodno tanično i vrlo ukusno. Ima puno tijelo, uravnoteženo je te ima izraženu intenzivnost okusa, lijepo i ugodno traje u ustima. Kakvoća je fina, a vino se lijepo pije te je spremno za konzumaciju uz jedan fini teleći odrezak ili janjeće medaljone.	hr
»Move On« je film u kojem svatko kreativan ima priliku sudjelovati. Hrvati su konkurirali za devet sitnih uloga odnosno elemenata: goste na partyju, nogometnog navijača, plesača, sportskog komentatora, pjesmu, plakat, ime hotela, kafić i koktel	hr
Naime, porast temperature zraka uvjetuje intenzivno otapanje snijega što za izravnu posljedicu ima porast vodostaja rijeke Neretve i pritoka. Na moguću opasnost od poplave već upozoravaju mjerodavne službe u susjednoj Bosni i Hercegovini, a agroprognostičari ističu da se zemlja već dovoljno natopila vodom, pa će nakon otapanja snježnog pokrivača usjevi ostati pod vodom.	hr
U Nacionalni program dugometražnog igranog filma mogu se prijaviti filmovi dulji od 70 minuta, na DCP-u ili 35-milimetarskoj vrpci.	hr
U svijetu 70.000 djevojčica od 15 do 19 godina umire tijekom trudnoće i poroda, prema UNICEF-u, no opasnost je velika i za novorođenčad koja ima više izgleda biti slabije porođajne težine i nedonoščad.	hr
U takvim okolnostima da bi opstao, ORYX Taxi morao bi nabaviti rabljena vozila vrijednosti manje od 70.000 kuna. Uz to, umjesto tri morali bismo imati samo dva vozača po vozilu i organizirati svakodnevni rad u smjenama u trajanju po 12 sati prisiljavajući zaposlenike da rade u prosjeku 300 sati mjesečno, a istovremeno im ne isplaćivati prekovremene sate te naknade za rad noću, nedjeljom i blagdanima.	hr
A vidite, naši stručnjaci čak objavljuju radove o tome kako kod nas postoji i zakonita porezna evazija, a ne samo nezakonita iako bi jednostavni žitelj Hrvatske podrazumijevao da je to uvijek nezakonito. Zakonita je, dakle, piše crno na bijelo, ona gdje porezni obveznik poduzima razne vješte operacije s isključivom namjerom da izbjegne plaćanje poreza. To mu omogućuju rupe u hrvatskim zakonima koji su puni rupa kao ementaler.	hr
Cijene dizelskih goriva rasle su od kraja prošle godine, no od ponoći će biti niže od jedne do 15 lipa po litri. Ministarstvo gospodarstva je cijenu eurodizela BS utvrdilo na 9,68 kuna, što je 15 lipa manje od dosadašnjih 9,83 kune.	hr
U Hrvatskoj se vraćaju na scenu sukobi u Ministarstvu vanjskih poslova, crkvi i državnoj strukturi. Rujan obiluje kontaktima sa susjednim zemljama. U medijima će biti različitih kadrovskih slagalica i smjena. Srijeda 07. rujna čini se da je ''rezervirana'' za uniformu (policiju, vojsku, carinu) kako u akciji tako i situacijom vezanom za čelnu osobu.	hr
Sutlovrečani su tražili da im susjedi sporazumno ostave izlaz na more. Vrsar nije pristajao tumačeći da se granica ne može rješavati sporazumom o imovini, već da Lovreč, ako nije zadovoljan novim razgraničenjem, treba u Saboru pokrenuti proceduru za izmjenu. Lovreč nije prihvaćao takve argumente te je bivša vlast, uz blagoslov oporbe, ostala pri stavu da sporazum neće potpisati ako mu njime Vrsar ne ostavi izlaz na more.	hr
Proračunski prihodi za ovu godinu planirani su u iznosu od 3.258.000 kuna i prema mišljenju načelnika i vijećnika dosta će se teško ostvariti jer izostaju županijske i državne potpore, ali i planirani prihodi od investicija u izgradnju sunčanih elektrana. Ipak u općini očekuju i vjeruju kako će se drugoj polovici godine proračun bolje puniti. Rashodi su veći zbog isplate povrata poreza građanima. (sm)	hr
Dvodnevni posjet bio je prvi boravak Angeline Jolie u Libiji, no u lipnju je posjetila libijske izbjeglice na Malti i talijanskom otoku Lampedusa, a u travnju je bila u Tunisu kako bi dala potporu borcima za demokraciju.	hr
Ratko Rudić (64) danas je u Londonu osvojio svoju četvrtu zlatnu i šestu olimpijsku medalju koje je zaslužio kao igrač i kao izbornik.	hr
Dan nakon snažne tuče veličine ping-pong loptice koja je pogodila šire područje Savudrije poljoprivrednici su u poljima i zbrajaju štete. Pogođeno je njih 20-ak malih i velikih, od kojih su pet profesionalni poljoprivrednici, a ostalima je to dopunska djelatnost.	hr
Neobičan je to svat, taj Bakić, sudimo po njegovom posljednjem nastupu u Otvorenom, televizijskoj emisiji pod predsjedanjem Hloverke Novak Srzić. Smiješan čovječuljak piskutava glasa, standardno dosadan, kao da je ispao iz kakvog laboratorija kao križanac bizarnog diktatora i mister Beana. Neupućen u svijet burze, potpisani autor sa zanimanjem je gledao Bakića i slušao njegove teze o tome zašto bi po svaku cijenu valjalo prodati kutinsku Petrokemiju.	hr
Slavoj Žižek, filozof, sociolog, kulturni kritičar i psihoanalitičar, rođen je u Ljubljani 1949. Doktorirao je na Ljubljanskom sveučilištu 1981., a drugi doktorat obranio je u Parizu na Sveučilištu Pariz VIII. Danas je slovi za jednog od najcjenjenijih i najpopularnijih filozofa, a često ga nazivaju i najopasnijim filozofom Zapada. Autor je više od pedeset knjiga prevedenih na više od dvadeset svjetskih jezika.	hr
Danas su u podružnici Hrvatskog zavoda za zapošljavanje u Čakovcu podijeljena Uvjerenja o stručnom osposobljavanju za žene, koje su su se osposobile za takozvana netradicionalna zanimanja za žene.	hr
Objektivna kvaliteta je na strani hrvatskih odbojkašica koje su glavne adute čuvale za sutrašnji, najvažniji ogled protiv Španjolske (15 sati) koja će biti najveći konkurent u borbi za prvo mjesto koje direktno vodi na EP.	hr
Očekuje da će veći broj istarskih općina i gradova zatražiti proglašenje elementarne nepogode zbog suše pa će je župan, izvjesno je, proglasiti na području čitave županije. Štete će nadmašiti one prouzročene sušom 2003. godine, kada je zadnji put proglašena elementarna nepogoda na razini čitave županije, saznajemo od županijskog pročelnika za poljoprivredu Milana Antolovića. Tada je procijenjena šteta iznosila 260 milijuna kuna.	hr
Ni Mačekov odvjetnik Tihomir Rubeša nije bio rječitiji. Kratko je kazao da je Maček iznio obranu i da je odgovarao na pitanja, a na izričit novinarski upit je li porekao krivnju Rubeša je poručio: "Sve sam vam rekao, sve sam vam rekao!".	hr
Inače, Radwanskoj je ovo sedmi naslov pobjednice na WTA Touru, treći ove godine, te drugi uzastopni, jer je slavila i na prethodnom turniru kojeg je igrala, u Tokiju. Petkovic u petom finalu karijere nije uspjela dohvatiti treći naslov.	hr
Međutim, Brodosplit inženjering se nije predao. U trećoj, kod kuće, stigao je do prve pobjede u finalu. Potom u Vrgorcu slavio i izjednačio rezultat a na kraju dobio i majstoricu na svom terenu. Brodosplit inženjering je prvak Hrvatske. Momčad Konavljanina Mata Stankovića, ujedno hrvatskog izbornika je najbolja.	hr
Fond je u sklopu projekta sanacije s Općinom Lumbarda odobrio i oko milijun kuna za troškove protupožarne zaštite.	hr
Četiri natjecatelja su u subotu su pjevali po dvije pjesme. Televotingom je odlučeno koja dva natjecatelja prolaze u petu emisiju, dok ćemo putem tjednog televotinga doznati trećeg sudionika polufinala.	hr
Po gradskim kuloarima se priča kako će Jambo ponovno preuzeti GP. Jesu li riješena dugovanja PGM Raguse prema njemu?	hr
Norris, uvjereni republikanac, na prošlim je izborima podržavao i sudjelovao u kampanji bivšeg guvernera Mike Huckabeeja, koji se sve do početka ožujka i predizbora u Teksasu dobro borio protiv kasnijeg pobjednika John McCaina.	hr
Prije početka kvalifikacija Blanka Vlašić je imala bizarnu nezgodu. Naime, ozlijedila se u svojoj hotelskoj sobi tako što je, dok se zagrijavala, udarila glavom u dovratnik i završila u bolnici na šivanju, javio je Hrvatski radio.	hr
Službeno je zabrana prometovanja prestala vrijediti u subotu u 16 sati, ali nemali broj vozača osmjelio se na vožnju tim pravcem i ranije. Kroz Most Rašu vozi se po prvom sloju asfalta i stoga je mudro preko željezničke pruge prelaziti vrlo sporo.	hr
Mirna: Ne. Neću reći nikad jer je život jedno veliko čudo, ali ne vidim oko sebe niti jednu pukotinu kroz koju bi se netko mogao uvući. Netko mora ostaviti prolaz da se to desi. U mom životu nema rupe kroz koju bi se netko ušuljao. Ne može se kroz kamen netko provući.	hr
Za one koji redovito piju kavu utvrđena je veća vjerojatnost da će pušiti i piti alkohol, te da je manje vjerojatno da će biti uključeni u crkvene, volonterske ili druge aktivnosti u zajednici. Za njih je također manje vjerojatno da će biti pretile, imati visoki krvni tlak ili dijabetes.	hr
Također, Geofoto je od tvrtke Blom ASA preuzeo ugovor za izvođenje još jednog sličnog projekta u Crnoj Gori. Riječ je o projektu "Izrada katastra nekretnina za 15 katastarskih općina Andrijevca i Mojkovca" čime je zagrebačka tvrtka dobila nove poslove u vrijednosti od 18,5 milijuna kuna.	hr
U prvom poluvremenu igrači obje momčadi nisu uspjeli stvoriti niti jednu izglednu priliku za postizanje pogotka te su najnezaposleniji ljudi na travnjaku bila dvojica hrvatskih vratara, domaći Krešić i gostujući Kelava.	hr
Lučka kapetanija Ploče izvijestila je jutros u 08.10 sati da je kod luke Trpanj na Pelješcu pronađeno mrtvo tijelo, te da je zapovjednik m/b „Katharina“ potvrdio da se radi o njihovom članu posade, rumunjskom državljaninu u dobi od 52 godine koji je sinoć pao u more prilikom isplovljavanja broda iz luke Ploče.	hr
Ukazujući na problem seksualno zlostavljanje djece putem Interneta Buljan Flander je, uz ostalo, istaknula važnost rada s roditeljima. "Rad s roditeljima je izuzetno potreban u tom području, jer je jako važno da roditelji prate što im djeca rade na Internetu", kazala je.	hr
Prema analitičarima kuće Gartner, mobilna plaćanja u zemljama Zapada, a to u dobroj mjeri vrijedi i za našu regiju i Hrvatsku, nisu zaživjela prema predviđanjima od prije nekoliko godina.	hr
Mara: Žene se često opterećuju time da se svide frajerima, što misliš kako oni gledaju na to? Koliko im je to bitno?	hr
Ragusa je izgubila u 1. kolu kod kuće 62:59 od Trešnjevke, a Podravac je kod kuće pobijedio Mursu iz Osijeka 73:69. Pešćenica je bila bolja na svom parketu od Splita 62:59. U 2. kolu Trešnjevka je u petak, 16. ožujka bila uvjerljiva protiv Pešćenice...	hr
DUBROVNIK Art radionica Lazareti u svojim je prostorima ugostila predstavu »Armada« riječkog kazališta »Trafik«, po mnogo čemu na hrvatskoj kazališnoj sceni jedinstvene grupacije autora i performera. Izvođači »Armade« Mila Čuljak i Marin Alvir su okupljenima u prostoru povijesnih Lazareta prikazali svoje zanimljivo viđenje »zatvorenosti sistema«, bilo građanskog ili onog kazališnog.	hr
„U ovoj utakmici će se možda rješavati sudbina cijele skupine. Ukoliko želimo izboriti plasman u osminu finala nemamo pravo na pogrešku. Moramo dobro otvoriti utakmicu.	hr
Iako je tek stupio na dužnost, Petković je već uočio i prijavio nelojalnu konkurenciju.	hr
Časopis Vanity Fair je tradicionalnu listu najbolje odjevenih ljudi svijeta, koja se smatra jednom od najutjecajnijih u svijetu mode, naslijedio 2004. nakon smrti američke modne dive Eleanor Lambert, koja ju je utemeljila davne 1939.	hr
Ostatak ekipe je iznenadila ova ocijena jer nisu očekivali da će Perazić uopće odgovoriti na postavljeno pitanje.	hr
La Repubblica (ljevica) i drugi talijanski dnevnici ocjenjuju da je "žrtva zaboravljena u sudskome showu". Pratili smo epilog "iz Zone sumraka gdje su likovi mladi, lijepi, neprobojni, nedužni i krivi istodobno, ali nikada ih se ne može osuditi jer serija mora teći dalje".	hr
Nakon toga priznanja, ostatak stanara počeo je Marinu gledati drugačijim očima, a ukoliko im otkrije još sočnih detalja iz svog privatnog života, uopće ne sumnjamo da će Perazić ostati do finala.	hr
Srbijanski ministar vanjskih poslova izabran je u petak za predsjednika Opće skupštine UN-a pobjedivši protukandidata litvanskog veleposlanika u UN-u Daliusa Cekuolisa za kojega je glasovala Hrvatska. Od 193 zemlje članice UN-a, za šefa srbijanske diplomacije glasovalo ih je 99, a za Cekuolisa 85.	hr
KARLOVAC Još uvijek nije poznato tko će odgovarati za smrt 18-godišnje djevojčice, koja je prošli petak preminula od posljedica gušenja, nakon što su oca i nju "šetali" po zagrebačkim bolnicama. Ministar zdravlja Rajko Ostojić je izjavio kako će stvari biti jasnije tek za pet dana.	hr
Riječ je o osobama koje u krevetu ne preuzimaju inicijativu, međutim ukoliko partner preuzme stvar u svoje ruke, brzo će mu se prepustiti.	hr
Da, apartman uređen u rangu četiri zvjezdice otvoren je i za one koji u Rijeku dolaze u pratnji svojih četveronožnih ljubimaca. A za sve je kriv »vlasnik« apartmana, buldog Božo. Njegovi su gazde, bračni par Barbara i Branko Papeš , odlučili da svima koji njeguju takvu ljubav kakva postoji između Bože i njih omoguće da na svoje putovanje u Rijeku i ovdašnji boravak mogu povesti i svoje ljubimce.	hr
Svoju viziju predstavit će zanimljiv dvojac iz Motovuna, Art in Situ, a za šminku i frizuru samog događaja zaslužna je Strukovna škola Pula te frizerski saloni Hair +, Black&White, Antonietta i kozmetički saloni Gloss. Što se šminke tiče tu su zaduženi Lara Burić, Beauty centar Eden te kozmetički salon Total look. Program će na terasi DHB-a voditi Jelena Vitasović i Bojan Gazibara.	hr
Strahuje se da bi se ukradeni podaci mogli zlorabiti u svrhu prijevare. Sony ne isključuje mogućnost da su ukradeni i brojevi bankovnih kartica.	hr
Uzvanici su uživali u specijalitetima "Dolce Vite", a baš svi vratili su se doma s poklon - vrećicama u kojima su dobili koraljne narukvice. (iv)	hr
U tvrtkama čiji su djelatnici stradali nismo uspjeli dobiti nikakve dodatne informacije o razlozima odlaska njihovih predstavnika u Iran. Opravdali su to izostankom direktora koji su jedini nadležni za davanje takvih podataka.	hr
Daleko iza njih je Jovan Ajduković s 21 posto glasova. Nema promjene, a nije je moglo ni biti niti u zastupanju talijanske nacionalne manjine jer je Furio Radin bio jedini kandidat pa mu nije bilo teško osvojiti sto posto glasova.	hr
– Ono što mještane općine Viškovo, posebice u bližem okruženju odlagališta Viševac i buduće CZGO Marinšćina, ovih vrućih i sparnih dana najviše zabrinjava je pitanje kako će se zbrinjavati i distribuirati komunalni otpad koji već pedesetak godina ozbiljno narušava sve ekološke i sanitarne standarde, te degradirajuće djeluje na sve aspekte života u bližoj i široj okolici deponija Viševac.	hr
SULE PROGOVORIO: 'TREBATE POMOĆ, VJERUJTE MI'	hr
Iako su žičanim ogradama ogradili svoje parcele, u što su uložili dodatna financijska sredstva, to nije nikakva prepreka za krave koje ruše doslovno sve pred sobom.	hr
I u drugoj utakmici za treće mjesto prvenstva Hrvatske vaterpolistice Juga pobijedile su Viktoriju. U Šibeniku je bilo 21:10 (5:2, 6:3, 5:3, 5:2) te su tako drugi put zaredom prvenstvo zaključile s broncom oko vrata. Podsjetimo, prošle su godine u borbi za broncu bile bolje od zagrebačke Mladosti.	hr
Još se povoljnije vrijeme očekuje polovicom narednog tjedna, temperature će dodatno porasti pa bi konačno moglo započeti i ovogodišnje proljeće.	hr
Dvije osobe mlađe dobi stradale su u subotu poslijepodne na cesti Labin - Rabac pri padu s mopeda.	hr
- Došli smo na prekretnicu u našem razumijevanju prirode, kazao je Rolf Heuer, generalni direktor CERN-a. Ovo će otkriće, tvrdi, vjerojatno baciti novo svjetlo na mnoge tajne svemira.	hr
Tvrtka Costa Coricere, koja je vlasnik broda izjavila je da se u trenutku nesreće kapetan broda nalazio na zapovjednom mostu, te da je postupak evakuacije putnika proveden sukladno pravilima.	hr
Policija je na mjestu događaja pronašla bocu sa zapaljivom tekućinom i provodi kriminalističko istraživanje. Pretpostavlja se da je djevojka bila gledateljica i da je nastradala kada je netko od umjetnika izvodio performans sa zapaljivom tekućinom.	hr
Mirandes - Athletic Bilbao 1-2 (Lambarri 90+1 / Llorente 17,26)	hr
Kvaliteta projekta po tehničkim i dizajnerskim kriterijima, prihvatljiva cijena i dobra organizacija gradnje u zatvorenoj, natkrivenoj hali brodogradilišta, glavni su razlozi koji su prevagnuli u dobivanju ovog prestižnog posla, zaključio je Brnić. (C. B. GALIĆ; snimio N. LAZAREVIĆ))	hr
Dan ranije, jednakim je postupkom postavljena njezina blizanka, sonda GRAIL-A.	hr
On je rekao da je vrijeme da se uvedu mjere koje će ojačati učinkovitost i vjerodostojnost paketa oštrih mjera štednje usvojenog u parlamentu prošlog mjeseca. Taj paket se trenutno revidira.	hr
Nemojmo se zezati, za njih je naprosto stvar u tome da Srbi kažu sport pa mi onda moramo na silu govoriti šport. Iako ta kvačica naprosto nije prihvaćena ma koliko da su je gurali, iako je nitko ne izgovara i premda nikoga majka nije učila da se tako kaže. Od riječi koje nisu prihvaćene i od riječi koje je pregazilo vrijeme inače se odustaje, ali ovi naši zapinju kao sivonje.	hr
HELSINKI – Hrvatske atletičarke Nikolina Horvat i Anita Banović nisu se uspjele plasirati u polufinale Europskog prvenstva u Helsinkiju.	hr
Sutra ostaje nada da će se još jednom težak rad isplatiti. Da će omrznuta javnost konačno shvatiti i priznati kako je teško biti dijelom hrvatske elite u disciplini poslušnog klimanja glavom. Iz dana u dan preuzimati rizik da te etiketiraju kao šampiona uvlačenja slobodnim stilom i guzičarenja na otvorenoj sceni.	hr
» treći u kvalifikacijskoj skupini za SP 2010. godine iza Engleske i Ukrajine	hr
Cipar je u ponedjeljak postao peta zemlja eurozone koja je zatražila financijsku pomoć Europske unije, a ciparska je vlada objavila kako će aplicirati za pomoć i spašavanje vlastitog bankarskog sektora koji se našao na udaru krize nastale u Grčkoj.	hr
I Nikoli Plećašu je žao što nije bilo nijednog predstavnika hrvatskog, slovenskog i srpskog saveza.	hr
Složio se s ministrom rada Mirandom Mrsićem da u nekim zemljama EU postoje takvi modeli zapošljavanja, ali da su samo dio ukupnog projekta otvaranja novih radnih mjesta i točno propisane profesije zanimanje i struke.	hr
Time je nastavljena priča iz mandata njegove prethodnice, gradonačelnice Dubravke Šuice koja je s „Ingrom“ također pregovarala, a o čemu su mediji prvi put pisali prije godinu i pol dana. Tri dvorane, svaka s oko 150 sjedalica, u sklopu Ingrinih zgrada u Uvali Lapad trebale bi biti polivalentne namjene, između ostalog bi trebale poslužiti i za otvaranje prvog dubrovačkog multipleks kina koji bi poslovao pod kapom Kinematografa Dubrovnik.	hr
Sudionicima obilježavanja Dana državnosti u ime Grada obratio se predsjednik Gradskog vijeća Davorin Flego, naglasivši da je Rovinj, iako direktno nije bio ugrožen agresijom, cijelo vrijeme Domovinskog rata bio uz svoje pripadnike 119. bojne i širokog srca prihvatio brojne prognanike i izbjeglice.	hr
Razni čuvari javnog ćudoređa i svega što je plemenito i uzvišeno, pogotovo onda kada se demagogija možda može dobro isplatiti, sada bolno prevrću očima i hvataju se za srce čim ugledaju bilo kakvog novinara.	hr
Ali već tom prigodom je ruski predsjednik postavio pitanje ukidanja viza za ruske građane koji putuju u Europu, podsjećajući kako su kriminalci iz Rusije već odavno u Europi i kako vize samo pogađaju obične građane. No gosti iz Europe nisu mogli dati pravi odgovor kad će se to dogoditi, baš kao što je ostao bez odgovora poziv Van Rompuya da Rusija sudjeluje u traženju mirnog rješenja za Siriju.	hr
– Tako treba, kroz katarzu priznati grijeh, to je vrlina pravog političara, samo s takvima možemo spasiti Hrvatsku!	hr
- Umorio sam se od vođenja Barcelone. Točnije, prestao sam uživati u vođenju Barcelone, kako u Primeri, tako i u Ligi prvaka. Ako želite biti uspješan trener Barcelone, onda se morate pripremiti na trošenje mnogo energije. Kroz ove godine sam se zbilja umorio, ali da ne zaboravim napomenuti, i nauživao - završio je popularni Pep.	hr
Ostaje za vidjeti za što će se odlučiti Ivković kad su u pitanju igrači koji će zaigrati na toj poziciji. Ukoliko će striktno poštivati igračke pozicije, umjesto Darmopila i Aganovića bi trebali zaigrati Lesjak i Kovač, ali postoji kombinacija i s krilnim veznim igračima: Grgićem i Limom, da dobiju "premještaj" pa u početnoj postavi priliku na lijevoj strani dobije Žuljević.	hr
Na pitanje kako komentira izjave radnika kako se tvrtku želi uništiti zbog atraktivnog zemljišta Čačić je rekao da je to jedna od većih gluposti koju je čuo i notorna laž.	hr
Izvrsna predstava «Crnac», kreirana prema istoimenom romanu Tatjane Gromače u režiji Tomija Janežiča iz produkcije riječkog Hrvatskog narodnog kazališta Ivana pl. Zajca, osvojila je ovogodišnji Grand prix na večeras okončanom umaškom 10. međunarodnom festivalu komornog teatra Zlatni lav. Riječki ansambl ponovio je lanjski uspjeh, kada su titulu najboljih zaslužili autorskim projektom Olivera Frljića «Turbo-folk».	hr
»Imamo informacije gdje se Mladić skrivao do 2006. godine no ne i gdje je bio od tada do trenutka uhićenja«, kazao je Brammertz dodajući kako i dalje očekuje od vlasti Srbije uhićenje Gorana Hadžića ali i Radovana Stankovića koji je u Srbiju pobjegao iz zatvora u BiH gdje je zbog ratnih zločina osuđen na dugogodišnju zatvorsku kaznu.	hr
Uživanje u suncu i moru u subotu na gotovo trideset stupnjeva, zimske radosti sa snijegom već u nedjelju i sve to praktički na istom mjestu. Gdje toga ima? U Rijeci i okolici, gdje se, nakon pravog ljetnog vremena, u nedjelju vratila jednako tako prava zima s olujnom burom, a u višim predjelima i obilnim snijegom.	hr
U brodolomu su život izgubile 32 osobe, dosad su pronađena trupla njih 30, uključujući i ovih pet, a za dva se još traga.	hr
ZAGREB Tijekom ove godine web će ući u fazu u kojoj će broj mobilnih uređaja s pristupom internetu (u što se ubrajaju prijenosna računala, uključujući ultrabookove, pametni telefoni, tablet-računala, čitači itd.) premašiti brojku od sedam milijardi te će po prvi put u povijesti broj računala biti veći od broja stanovnika na Zemlji, podaci su međunarodne korporacije Intel koja je zbrojila i analizirala globalni internetski promet.	hr
Zanima me što je Bechterewova bolest i kako se ona liječi?	hr
Mađarski glumac Janos Kulka, jedan od inicijatora pokreta, ocijenio je da se radi o najvećoj građanskoj manifestaciji od pada komunističkog režima.	hr
"Ova staza u prošlosti mi je nanijela dosta boli i danas je došlo vrijeme za vraćanje duga. Na ruku mi je išlo i što je staza bila dugačka, tada mogu bolje pokazati svoju kvalitetu. Možda sam vama novinarima izgledao opušteno uoči druge vožnje, ali ustvari sam bio fokusiran na ono što trebam napraviti", izjavio je branitelj naslova u Svjetskom kupu.	hr
Dana 4. travnja 2012. godine u Saloči od zrcala Narodne knjižnice Grad održat će se koncert pod nazivom ''Jazzy Classical Concert''.	hr
Tik uz dijelove mozaika iz prve bazilike otkopani su i fragmenti onih koji pripadaju predeufrazijanskoj bazilici iz V. stoljeća, no vrlo je vjerojatno da će tih nekoliko kvadrata biti ponovno zatrpano. Naime, zbog stalnog tonjenja istarske obale u proteklih milenij i pol njihova je razina pala ispod plimne razine mora koje nezaustavljivo prodire. U vrijeme plime more prekrije mozaike i s 40-ak centimetara visine.	hr
Premijer Zoran Milanović u Ronjgima nije davao izjave za medije, te se nije očitovao ni na kritike Jadranke Kosor iz Okučana, a ni na prozivke sindikalaca sa skupa u Zagrebu.	hr
Sabu je također počeo »tweetati« ono što po njegovim navodima predstavlja detalje o kontaktima i lozinkama zaposlenika News Internationala, uključujući i izvršnu urednicu Rebekah Brooks, no nije moguće provjeriti radi li se o pravim podacima.	hr
Film je snimljen prema scenariju oskarovca Cristophera Hamptona (Okajanje, Opasne veze).	hr
U međuvremenu, pred beogradskim Višim sudom i dalje traje sudski postupak po zahtjevu za rehabilitaciju Draže Mihailovića.	hr
Po izlasku iz suda nakon 45-minutnog iskaza, 35-godišnja Horvatinčićeva suputnica prošla je pored novinara bez zaustavljanja, a na upit da kaže što se tragičnog dana događalo rekla je da nema komentara. No, branitelji osumnjičenog Horvatinčića Velimir Došen i Branko Baica kazali su da je pred sutkinjom izjavila kako je u trenutku sudara poduzetnik bio za upravljačem svoje jahte, a ona kraj njega.	hr
ZAGREB Zagrebački nadbiskup kardinal Josip Bozanić predvodio je večeras na Stepinčevo misu u Zagrebačkoj prvostolnici istaknuvši kako su uslišane molitve blaženom Alojziju za pohod pape Benedikta XVI. Hrvatskoj, koji je, kako drži, progovorio novom snagom i porukom za Crkvu i hrvatski narod, osvježio vjerničku radost i nadu te vratio ponos narodu.	hr
Izrazila je zadovoljstvo pronalaženjem rješenja za bivše radnike Đakovštine.	hr
Dvostruki će finalist Roland Garrosa zbog oporavka od bolesti izgubiti strahovito puno bodova. Ovu je godinu otvorio najbolje od svih tenisača pobijedivši u 18 od 19 uvodnih mečeva. Pritom je osvojio turnire u Brisbaneu, Rotterdamu i Marseilleu.	hr
- OK, da vas prvo pitam, jeste li možda novinar ili PR djelatnik?	hr
Imamo nekoliko vrlo ozbiljnih ponuđača, i domaćih i stranih, a njihova ćemo imena objaviti čim budemo spremni, kazao je novinarima Čačić.	hr
Rekao je da kao nigdje u Hrvatskoj u Međimurju šume stradavaju od požara na otvorenom, te od krađa uglavnom privatne šume. (S. Mesarić)	hr
Stvarna šteta biti će utvrđena naknadno, za počiniteljem se traga, a ODO - u Čakovec je protiv počinitelja podnijeta kaznena prijava. U ovu postaju provaljeno je i pred kraće vrijeme. (sm)	hr
Koliko vam je smetalo što vas u prvom dijelu karijere izvjesna kritika nije baš uvažavala kao klasičnoga glazbenika zbog vašeg crossover muziciranja?	hr
Uz prijavu na oglas kandidati/-kinje su dužni priložiti:	hr
Dodatnu pomutnju izazvao je odgovor direktora Plinare Deana Kocijančića, kojeg je kontaktirala putem e-maila, a koji je pak odgovorio da je cijena kubika 3,11 kuna.	hr
Hladno je ujutro bilo i u Livadama s -9 stupnjeva, Sveta Katarina je imala -8, a Žminj -7. I uz obalu je minimalna temperatura bila ispod nule pa je tako u Umagu bilo -5, a na pulskom aerodromu je izmjereno -4.	hr
Festival u Seattleu predstavlja jednu od odskočnih daski za film "Narednik James" redateljice Kathryn Bigelow, gdje je osvojila nagradu za najbolju režiju, a film je nedavno nagrađen s nekoliko Oscara, među kojima i one za najbolji scenarij, režiju i film.	hr
U ukupnom prometu dubrovačke Zračne luke udio privatnih zrakoplova raste već desetak godina.	hr
upravo protiv onoga što su – sami izmislili. „Iconoclast“ je debitirao na	hr
Izvanrednom plenarnom zasjedanju HBK nazočio je i otpravnik poslova Apostolske nuncijature u Republici Hrvatskoj mons. Mauro Lalli.	hr
Doduše i prije njezine smrti zabrinjavao je bližnje statusima na Twitteru.	hr
Vlasnik rekordnih 16 Grand Slam naslova, objasnio je i koliko mu je bilo važno uzeti tako dugački predah od šest tjedana, prije nastupa u Baselu.	hr
Za cijelu regiju u kojoj EBRD djeluje prognoze rasta za ovu i iduću godinu su snižene, a među glavnim razlozima navodi se kriza u eurozoni čiji se negativni učinci sada šire dalje na istok.	hr
Iva je novi istinski međimurski „sportski dragulj“ zahvaljujući njenoj upornosti, velikom radu, kao i podršci obitelji, te trenera pod čijim vodstvom je napravila tako značajan igrački napredak, također Međimuraca – Nevena Brodara i Gorana Karamarkovića. (dz)	hr
Br.žrn.: 2407000-1100024932 (OTP banka)	hr
- Kao društveno odgovorna kompanija pomažemo najugroženijim segmentima društva kroz donacije u robi, pri čemu moram istaknuti da se uvijek radi o donacijama s kvalitetnim, zdravstveno ispravnim proizvodima kojima nije istekao rok trajanja, dodaje Ana Mitrović, voditeljica Ureda za odnose s javnošću.	hr
Nadamo se da će Dubrovnik shvatiti što mu „Tirena“ i „Karaka“ znače i da će tako atraktivne brodove znati, omogućavanjem uvjeta za normalan rad i zdravu konkurenciju, i u 2011. godini zadržati na svom području, a ne dozvoliti da goste voze samo Bokokotorskim zaljevom. Ž.T.	hr
Istarska županija ima novi statut koji su vijećnici nešto prije 22 sata usvojili kosenzuosm i popratili pljeskom. Rezultat je to međustranačkog usuglašavanja koji je odrađen nakon što se matični odbor za statut, poslovnik i upravu izjasnio o deset amandmana koje su dali Plinio Cuucurin iz Ladonje, Josip Anton Rupnik iz Zelenih i IDS-ovac Silvio Brunelli. Dio amandmana je usvojen, a neki tek djelomično ili su ih predlagači povukli.	hr
Zadovoljstvo ukidanjem zakona o nula promila izrazio je Šime Vidulin, potpredsjednik Hrvatske gospodarske komore, te kao problem koji još treba riješiti istaknuo pitanje neobrađene zemlje, odnosno poljoprivrednog zemljišta, kako u Istri tako i u ostatku Hrvatske.	hr
Češćim aplauzima publika je zahvalila kantautoru Damiru Poši koji je tu večer obilježio i svoj jubilej. Ovim je koncertom Damir Poša odavno poznat kao “Čovik s juga” jer su njegove pjesme udahle i tišinu ljetne noći,isto tako šum valova i borova,hlad masline i okus slanih sardela,ulja i vina,ali i ljubavi puno drugačije i tajanstvenije od mnogih kantautora.	hr
Prema riječima Siljanovskog, fond za isplatu dobitaka u svim državama iznosit će 50 posto svih uplata u svakoj od država.	hr
Prema podacima MUP-a, broj prijavljenih kaznenih djela protiv djece na internetu nije kontinuiran jer ovisi o tome koliko ih žrtve prijavljuju, pa policija primjerice u jednoj godini postupa prema 50 prijava, a drugoj godini primi 101 a u trećoj godini primjerice 34 prijave, kazala je Renata Odeljan iz MUP-ova Odsjeka maloljetničke delikvencije i kriminaliteta na štetu mladeži i obitelji.	hr
Francuski sindikati nadaju se da će u Parizu okupiti najveće mnoštvo povodom Praznika rada u povijesti. Nicolas Sarkozy i Francois Hollande, dvojica kandidata u drugom krugu francuskih predsjedničkih izbora, različito će obilježiti 1. svibnja. Favorit Hollande ne planira nikakva javna pojavljivanja, a Sarkozy ima zakazan skup i borit će se sa sindikatima za medijsku pažnju.	hr
Square je u Šibeniku poražen od Crnice u posljednjem, 22. kolu južne skupine Druge hrvatske malonogometne lige. Na Baldekinu domaćin je slavio 3:2. Crnica je i u prvom dijelu bila uspješnija od Squarea. U Gospinom polju su Šibenčani pobijedili rezultatom 6:3.	hr
Svaka bolnica ima svoj način naručivanja pacijenata i vlastita pravila o tome koji je pacijent prioritetan, a dnevni učinak pojedinog specijalista od bolnice do bolnice razlikuje se i do pet puta. Uvođenjem triju zasebnih listi čekanja - hitne, brze i redovne, umrežavanjem bolnica i odgovornijim upravljanjem Ostojić namjerava liste smanjiti barem za trećinu.	hr
Šuker je kazao i da plaće za državne i javne službe proračun godišnje koštaju oko 30 milijardi kuna, a osim toga zaposlenima se isplaćuje i gotovo 3,9 milijardi različitih naknada. Jedna od njih je i prijevoz, koji državu košta 1,2 milijarde kuna.	hr
Iako nije očekivao pobjedu, Kiki nije mogao sakriti zadovoljstvo što je nagrada došla u njegove ruke, a zasigurno je bio najsretniji kada je u studiju ugledao svoju suprugu Ivu Rahimovski.	hr
"Postoji veliki broj domaćih webova, no ove je godine prvi put potpuno došlo do izražaja da dobar web čini njegov sadržaj. Naime, tehnološko znanje, koje je u našem slučaju već prije odredilo Stručno vijeće, jednostavno mora biti zadovoljeno u startu, dok pravu dodanu vrijednost čini upravo sadržaj weba koji privlači posjetitelje. Ukratko rečeno, sadržaj je prvi put do nogu potukao tehničku izvedbu, a time se povodio i Žiri ".	hr
- Kolega, čujemo li se. Mi vas vidimo, ali vi ne dajete znakove života. Kolega, kolega! Možete li bar mrdnuti prstima da znamo jeste li živi. Kolega...	hr
Podsjećaju da Ina posluje u nepovoljnom vanjskom okruženju, a na njezinu financijsku poziciju snažno utječe nedostatak prihoda iz Sirije, kao i gubici iz poslovanja u rafinerijama. Ina istovremeno ulaže značajne napore kako bi povećala razinu ulaganja u idućim godinama, s ciljem da osigura stabilniju budućnost kompanije, tvrdi Uprava.	hr
Među raznolikom, posjetiteljima već dobro poznatom CineStarovom ponudom, CineStar Arena sadržavat će i nešto dosad neviđeno na ovim prostorima: IMAX kino!	hr
Kani ga optužiti za zločine protiv čovječnosti budući da je priznao da je počinio pokolj 76 ljudi u Oslu i okolici, a u tom bi slučaju mogao dobiti kaznu zatvora do 30 godina.	hr
Letjelica Dragon bit će prvi privatni svemirski brod koji će posjetiti ISS, istraživački laboratorij vrijedan 100 milijardi dolara u posjedu SAD-a, Rusije, Europe, Japana i Kanade. ISS se nalazi u orbiti na oko 384 kilometra iznad Zemlje.	hr
Poseban je zadatak predstavništva PKS-a poboljšanje regionalne suradnje i zajedničkih nastupa na trećim tržištima, jer tamo gdje su kompatibilna gospodarstva dviju zemalja treba povezati, a u dijelu gdje su konkurentna trebaju se zajednički naći na globalnoj razini konkurencije, rekao je Bugarin.	hr
- Inspektoricu je u lokal poslala Uprava Tržnice, nikome se nije predstavila, došla je bez naloga i sada nam želi zapečatiti lokal, ustvrdio je pred novinarima Hodža. Smatra da ona to ne smije napraviti ukoliko nekome nije ugroženo zdravlje, a odgovorno tvrdi da o tome ovdje nema ni govora.	hr
Eusebio je prebačen zrakoplovom iz Poljske u Portugal u srijedu.U posljednjih šest mjeseci Eusebio je čak četiri puta hospitaliziran zbog visokog tlaka, te su ga liječnici savjetovali da se podvrgava redovitim pregledima.	hr
Nije ni šjor Ive nakon osamnaest godina plovidbe imao više ni želje, ni volje gledati u morsko plavetnilo. Rekao je – cijeli svijet san oplovil, vrime je za poć doma, niman više ča za vidit. Kako reče, tako i napravi, a morske godine sad prebire samo u sjećanjima, začinjavajući ih uvijek ponekom šalom. Tako je i nas dobro nasmijao rekavši:	hr
- O, mesje Slavkó! Pa bonžur, pa di ste, pa nismo se čuli sto godina, iskreno se Christine obradovala pozivu starog poznanika. Još od vremena dok je bila "samo" francuska ministrica financija je poznavala koleričnog hrvatskog političara i sjećala se da ju je veselilo s kojom je sirovom energijom progovarao o grijehovima tamošnje vlasti. A onda se sjetila.	hr
– Eto joj ga zapravo. Dabogda joj merčepovci djecu budili i po Sljemenu vodali, ako joj na njemu počivaju europske vrijednosti! Baš šteta što tih 400 tisuća kuna za Merčepovog odvjetnika nismo povukli iz europskih fondova. Garant bi nam odobrili.	hr
9. Miss plastične kirurgije Priznajte, ovakvo natjecanje prvo bi pripisali SAD-u, poznatom po opsesiji ljepotom i plastičnom kirurgijom. Ali, ne. Prvi izbor za "miss najoperiranije" odžao se 2004. u Pekingu. Žene i transseksualci između 17 i 62 godine morali su priložiti certifikat plastičnog kirurga.	hr
Slovenija tvrdi da su se našli u situaciji da ih Hrvatska tuži iako se Hrvatska obvezala riješiti pregovorima pitanje Ljubljanske banke.	hr
Oscara za sporednu mušku ulogu dobio je Christopher Plummer za ulogu u filmu "Početnici" Mikea Millsa u kojem tumači ulogu starijeg muškarca koji otkriva svoju homoseksualnu stranu te prihvaća novi "identitet".	hr
Započelo je ukrašavanje povijesne jezgre i dubrovačkih naselja blagdanskom rasvjetom i zelenilom za koje će gradska uprava utrošiti 550 tisuća kuna.	hr
"Zadaća svih društvenih aktera treba biti jačanje državnih institucija, jačanje pravne države i vraćanje povjerenja građana u zakonodavnu proceduru i državne institucije jer to jedino jamči nastavak demokratskog sazrijevanja našeg društva i otvara vrata kako za društveni tako i za gospodarski napredak i boljitak", zaključuju na kraju iz HUP-a.	hr
Basist i danas grafički dizajner Maurizio Di Capua tih je godina izrađivao plakate za koncerte Problema, a nakon što je imenovao prvu originalnu postavu i naknadne dolaske novih glazbenika, posebno je oživio uspomenu na pokojnog sjajnog čovjeka i gitarista Problema Valtera Dobrilovića Bucu.	hr
EXTRA: U istoj mjeri vole vas i kazališni redatelji. Nedavno ste premijerno igrali u predstavi "Zečja rupa" kazališta "Planet art". Rekli ste da vam je to bila najteža i najljepša kazališna uloga?	hr
Ta su uhićenja objavljena nakon što je u subotu navečer evakuriano nekoliko stotina ljudi iz zgrade Roeda Sten gdje se odvija Umjetnički bienale Goeteborga, drugog grada Švedske.	hr
Utvrđeno je da je L. G. u automobilu bio sam. Protiv njega slijedi optužni prijedlog zbog počinjenog prometnog prekršaja	hr
Obojica su optužena da su 23. rujna 2010. tijekom provedbe »Glavnog obučnog događaja HRZ i PZO 2010./2011.« upravljali zrakoplovima protivno Pravilniku o letenju zrakoplova i Pravilima o letenju oružanih snaga	hr
Razgovarajući o mogućim lokacijama gradonačelnik je predstavnike Kauflanda upoznao s prostorno-planskom dokumentacijom Grada Dubrovnika te mjestima na kojima je predviđena gradnja komercijalnih sadržaja. Na sastanku je istaknuto kako bi dubrovački Kaufland centar osim proširenja ponude značio i otvaranje stotinjak novih radnih mjesta.	hr
Kompanija Time Warner koja posjeduje Warner Bros bila je tužena i 2000. godine zbog svojih videoigrica koje su povezivane s pucnjavom u srednjoj školi u Kentuckyju u kojoj su ubijena tri učenika. Sud je i tada zaključio da je »jednostavno preveliko odstupanje od toga da netko ubija likove na ekranu, što rade milijuni ljudi, do toga da netko počne zaista ubijati ljude«.	hr
Hrvatska, dakle, u polufinalu igra protiv Srbije. Ključ uspjeha naših u toj utakmici je zaustaviti Vanju Udovičića. U pripremi utakmice trebamo se skoncentrirati upravo na njega.	hr
Ukupno je utvrđeno 208 prometnih prekršaja, osim 25 prekršaja vožnje pod utjecajem alkohola, 41 prekršaj brzine, 31 vožnja bez sigurnosnog pojasa, 17 prekršaja isteka važenja prometne dozvole i tehnički neispravna vozila, 8 prekršaja nepoštivanja prednosti prolaska i 7 prekršaja upravljanja prije stjecanja prava.	hr
U borbu protiv huligana na sportskim natjecanjima hrvatski policajci ubuduće bi mogli krenuti na konjima i opremljeni elektrošokerima!	hr
- Nama je to kao da se dogodilo jučer. Još uvijek se trzamo i budimo kad grmi i pada kiša, iako se nakon tih poplava više nije ponovilo nešto slično. Ali sada kad dolazi jesen, nije nam svejedno, kaže nam Franjo Sijarto iz Valbandona.	hr
Do nesreće je došlo kada je 28-godišnjak, upravljajući neregistriranom Yamahom iz smjera Rovinja prema Kanfanaru, iznenada prešao preko pune linije u suprotnu traku te se sudario s Peugeotom pulske registracije kojim je iz suprotnog smjera upravljao 22-godišnjak iz Rovinja.	hr
Intendantica je najavila 25 događanja, na 13 različitih lokacija, a Obersnel je Riječkim ljetnim noćima zaželio zvjezdano nebo i puno publike. Ove godine Riječke ljetne noći potrajat će do 24. srpnja te ponuditi raznolike dramske, glazbene i plesne programe na različitim riječkim lokacijama, a po prvi put i u Opatiji.	hr
-Na Dančama su za vrijeme Dubrovačke Republike bili lazareti i to puno prije nego na Pločama. Tu su najviše boravili okuženi koji nisu smjeli napuštati lazarete kako ne bi prenijeli zarazu. Zbog tisuća ljudi koji su umirali na Dančama, Senat je donio odluku da se podigne Crkva Marije od Milosti kako bi ti ljudi umirali dostojanstveno. Svećenik i posluga bili su na usluzi umirućima – priča Katica kako je podignuta ova crkva.	hr
Zbog derutnog stanja zgrade mnoge iznenađuje podatak da je upravo tamo polovicom 16. stoljeća Marin Držić prvi put izveo svoju Novelu od Stanca i to na piru Kabogine (Kabužićeve) kćeri Anice. Zapušteni objekt, čija je statika ugrožena, a unutrašnji zidovi vlažni, prijetnja je i okolnim zgradama, čiji su vlasnici dosta uložili u njihovu obnovu i održavanje.	hr
Prije Rijeke, publika na Kvarneru mogla ga je pogledati na opatijskoj Ljetnoj pozornici kamo je, treba li uopće spominjati, privukao brojne posjetitelje. Laroljupci su film mogli pogledati i u Koprivnici, Sisku, Kutini, Vodicama, Šibeniku, Visu, Novskoj, Velikoj Gorici, Hrvatskoj Kostajnici, Korčuli, Novalji, Poreču i Krapini.	hr
Međutim, kad su u pitanju rukovodeći službenici, uredbom se ne propisuju provjere posebnih znanja, psihološke procjene ni sastavljanja rang-liste kandidata, kao niti broj članova i sastav komisije za provedbu javnog natječaja, kao u slučaju ostalih službenika.	hr
Potom je Split napravio seriju od 4:0 i otišli na vodstvo od 8:4.	hr
Dubrovačke ljetne igre održavaju se od 10. srpnja do 25. kolovoza, a ovogodišnja 62. sezona tijekom 47 dana trajanja okupit će više od 2000 umjetnika iz Hrvatske i svijeta.	hr
-Obzirom da predsjednik Udruge nije podnio zahtjev za razriješenjem, nije postupao protivno odlukama Velikog vijeća i Senata, nije djelovao protivno zakonu ili Statutu te da svojim djelovanjem nije štetio ugledu Udruge, što tijekom sastanka nije potkrijepljeno ni jednim jedinim argumentom, a čemu svjedoči zapisnik sa sastanka, ovu pučističku odluku šestorice članova Malog vijeća držimo neligitimnom i protustatutarnom.	hr
Zbog pritiska udruge vozača na autoplin, kojima je od svibnja 2009. do kraja prošle godine to gorivo poskupjelo za čak 63 posto, Ministarstvo gospodarstva promijenilo je pravilnik o formiranju cijene ukapljenog naftnog plina (UNP, engl. LPG) zahvaljujući čemu je autoplin od 1. siječnja pojeftinio za pet lipa po litri, s 5,30 na 5,25 kuna.	hr
Istovremeno se obavljaju pripreme za fasadu, jer su općina i poduzeće ING. KLAN projekt kandidirali za IPARD sredstva. (sm)	hr
Pitao ga je zašto još nije otvoren i plaća li najmoprimac najam. Prema njegovim informacijama, prostor je iznajmljen prije dvije godine, a govori se i o dugovanjima najmoprimca, rekao je Milohanić.	hr
- Riječ je o privremenim i interventnim zahvatima u prava iz kolektivnih ugovora;	hr
Tijekom dana moguće su gužve i zastoji duž jadranske obale na prilazima turističkih gradova i mjesta, središnjoj Istri, trajektnim lukama i pristaništima te na graničnim prijelazima.	hr
Stoga se stanovnici doline Neretve pribojavaju novih elementarnih nepogoda, koje čini se ne zaobilaze ovo područje. Njihovi su strahovi i te kako opravdani jer na sustavima obrane od poplave desne strane grada Metkovića do sada nije urađeno ni deset posto radova, koje su usporavali problemi oko lokacije trase nasipa, a zatim snijeg i loše vrijeme.	hr
»Nedvojbeno je da Radovan Pavić ulazi u znanstvenu intelektualnu elitu Hrvatske, međunarodno je priznat i poznat te vrlo često citiran u stranim znanstvenim časopisima«, zaključio je dr. Knežević.	hr
Okupljanje sudionika je u 16 sati na imanju Mihaela Novinščaka u Jurovčaku, odakle se kreće u razgledavanje i konzumiranje gornjomeđimurskih posebnosti i gastronomskih finoća.	hr
održivo upravljanje resursima u vlasništvu gradova ili županija, čime se znatno smanjuju troškovi za energente.	hr
U prvoj fazi, uključeni su, pored nadležnih tužilaštava Bosne i Hercegovine i Hrvatske i službenici za borbu protiv droge Ministarstva unutarnjih poslova Republike Srpske, službenici Službe za istragu i zaštitu – SIPA Bosne i Hercegovine i Odjela za borbu protiv droge i krijumčarenja Ministarstva unutarnjih poslova Hrvatske«, stoji u priopćenju crnogorske policije.	hr
Natjecanje koje se održava u mjesnom bazenu također bi trebalo podsjetiti ljude da ljubljenje nije samo romantično, nego i zdravo jer se njime pomiče 29 mišića i troše kalorije.	hr
Sve to Deklaracija razrađuje u 11 točaka. Njome se tako inzistira i na zakonima koji će učinkovito štititi radnika i omogućiti stvarnu provedbu radničkih prava. Pače, kaže se da radnicima valja osigurati zaposlenost, dostojne uvjete rada te redovitu isplatu dostojne plaće jer je teološki neisplata plaća grijeh, a društveno ništa drugo nego krađa!	hr
Ono što vas čeka nakon uzimanja kemijske olovke u ruku je vjerojatno najvažnije »za« koje ćete zaokružiti u životu.	hr
Asteroid veličine putničkog zrakoplova u nedjelju 1. travnja proletjet će blizu Zemlje no nema nikakve mogućnosti da udari u Zemlju, priopćila je u subotu američka svemirska agencija NASA.	hr
Upravno vijeće ŽUC-a je razmatralo razloge za razrješenje Sanimira Radeka te se složilo s ostavkom, uz obrazloženje da je ravnatelj svojim nepravilnim radom prouzročio ŽUC-u veću štetu. Riječ je o nepravilnom provođenju postupaka javne nabave, posebno kod zamjene dotrajale stolarije na poslovnim prostorima ŽUC-a i drugim nabavkama koje nisu bile u planu, a spominje se nabavka knjiga od vlastita oca te rodbinske veze.	hr
Los Angeles (8) - Vancouver (1) 1-0	hr
Budžet manifestacije, naglašeno je, iznosi 370 tisuća kuna, pri čemu je 220 tisuća osigurano iz proračuna Grada Labina, a ostatak podmiruju sponzori. (Igor RADIĆ)	hr
Nakon što u meču protiv Janka Tipsarevića nije osvojio niti jedan gem, protiv Kohlschreibera je 31-godišnji Zagrepčanin očito već pronašao ritam za igru u pojedinačnoj konkurenciji, jer je odigrao odličan meč, pogotovo u drugom setu, u kojem je spasio svih 8 break-lopti svog suparnika. Usprkos poraza, Zovko za svoj nastup u srijedu zaslužuje samo čestitke.	hr
Natječaj raspisuje Hrvatska udruga za međunarodnu razmjenu studenata prirodnih i tehničkih znanosti - IAESTE Croatia.	hr
''Liječnici iz Srbije imat će mogućnost o svojim nalazima izvijestiti tajnika Tribunala, ali ne i prepisati terapiju'', objasnila je Jelačić.	hr
– Slušaj, trafikant, jesi li ono ti izvalio da suđenje Sanaderu izgleda kao suđenje načinu na koji MOL upravlja Inom?	hr
- U petak javili su nam se radnici koji tvrde da su dobili i do 1.000 kuna manje plaće u siječnju u odnosu na prosinac. O čemu se radi?	hr
– Ideje se mijenjaju u odnosu na ono što posjeduješ od igrača. Nama u ovom trenutku treba rezultat, a drugo je što bih ja sukladno nekoj svojoj nogometnoj filozofiji volio da bude. Meni se ne sviđa što »Rijeka« već godinama ne igra nogomet. Imam osjećaj da svi koji dođu na Kantridu dođu igrati, a mi... Ne znam. To bih želio promijeniti.	hr
Provedenim kriminalističkim istraživanjem nad 32-godišnjakom i 31-godišnjakom, iz Zagreba, utvrđeno je postojanje osnovane sumnje da su počinili kazneno djelo prijevare na štetu 55-godišnjaka s Korčule.	hr
Imena dobitnika bit će objavljena na webu nacional.hr u roku od 7 dana nakon javnog izvlačenja.	hr
Prema mišljenju zakonodavca, ukidanje povjerenstva koje sada daje zeleno svjetlo otvaranju novih trgovačkih centara, ubrzat će administrativnu proceduru, odnosno smanjiti zapreke investitorima, no istovremeno će, smatraju naši sugovornici, nestati jedina preostala, moguća kočnica manipulacijama	hr
Dan narcisa, svjetski i nacionalni dan borbe protiv raka dojke, obilježen je kako u Čakovcu, tako i u Prelogu i Murskom Središću, kao i brojnim drugim međimurskim mjestima. Prodajom narcisa i prigodnih proizvoda željelo se ukazati na problem ove bolesti čija učestalost raste, kao i doprinijeti njezinoj prevenciji.	hr
Vojni eksploziv C4 pripadnici mafijaškog klana Genovese di Baronissi kupovali su u Hrvatskoj! Talijanski istražitelji, međutim, još uvijek utvrđuju tko je misteriozni trgovac jer uhićeni u antimafijaškoj operaciji nazvanoj »Vicere« (»potkralj«, po funkciji što ju je imao jedan od uhićenika) šute.	hr
U britanskoj javnosti proizvod je ocijenjen »neukusnim«. Pakiranje, u kutiji purpurne i zlatne boje, sadrži tri kondoma i prodaje se za pet funta (42 kune).	hr
Na ovogodišnjoj 14. po redu dodjeli diskografske nagrade "Porin" održane 22. travnja u Makarskoj, među nagradama u 40 kategorija, albumom godine proglašen je "Unca fibre" Zlatana Stipišića Gibonija, u izdanju Dallas Recordsa, a pjesmom godine također Gibonijev "Anđeo u tebi" s istog albuma.	hr
Generali Ante Gotovina i Mladen Markač obratili su se u ponedjeljak Žalbenom vijeću Haaškog suda (ICTY) na kraju rasprave i istaknuli da nisu krivi za optužbe koje im se stavljaju na teret te da od suda očekuju da se ravna prema utvrđenim činjenicama.	hr
Sudac je sa skepsom prihvatio njegovu shemu na kojoj će prikazati stajalište obrane, ali je ipak dopustio da ju koristi u svom izlaganju.	hr
Boravak svjetski poznatih glazbenih zvijezda, pop dive Beyonce Knowles i njezinog supruga, repera Jay Z- a na krajnjem jugu Hrvatske bit će zapamćen ne samo po opuštenoj šetnji para Cavtatom i ludoj vožnji hidroskuterima između otoka Lokruma te hotela “Excelsior” i “Argentina” oko luksuzne jahte Erica Claptona “Va bene”, nego i po nepotrebnom incidentu Beyoncinog bogyguarda s dubrovačkim fotoreporterima i TV- snimateljima!	hr
Od 25 tisuća vina pristiglih na degustaciju samo je šestina ušla u vodič. Od 1.080 proizvođača vina iz Italije i Istre oni zastupljeni u ovom vodiču predstavljaju sam vrh proizvodnje što se tiče autohtonih vinskih sorti. (V. HABEREITER)	hr
Po njezinim riječima, muškarci koji odlaze rano iz kuće i vraćaju se na vrijeme poželjniji su od onih kojih puno zarađuju ali ih nikad nema.	hr
Na prvom koncertu pod nazivom "Glazba na Habsburškom dvoru" nastupio je ansambl Saitsiing iz Austrije. Čine ga Ulli Engel, barokna violina, i Hubert Hoffmann, lutnja. Izveli su djela Farine, Vivianija, Bibera, Welssa, Schmelzera i Meallija.	hr
I da vam bude jasno: radnici koji žive od svoga rada, bilo u javnom ili privatnom sektoru, na istoj su strani – poslodavci, bilo privatni ili Vlada RH, na drugoj, kaže se u priopćenju sindikalnih središnjica.	hr
Tako su u Iranu organizirali antiameričke prosvjede tijekom kojih su palili američku zastavu i gađali cipelama sliku aktualnog američkog predsjednika Baracka Obame.	hr
BERN – Disciplinska komisija Europske nogometne federacije (UEFA) novčano je kaznila grčkog prvoligaša PAOK zbog kršenja pravila licenciranja i zaprijetila mu izbacivanjem iz europskih natjecanja.	hr
Zadnjih se je godina ova tradicijska čestitka prepustila mlađima,koji su večer prije, na takozvanu vižiju pred kućama pjevali himnu sv. Martinu, a za uzvrat dobivali najviše slastice i voće,te po koju kunu.	hr
Kako je kazao u sinoćnjem In Magazinu, njegova supruga Erika Drviš će uskoro roditi djevojčicu kojoj će roditelji nadjenuti ime Lana.	hr
Shvatio sam, naime, da nemam ni snage ni znanja niti živaca za taj posao, ma koliko mi se u prvi tren činio obavljivim. Nemam snage za prečesto susretanje s Jadrankom Kosor i Josipom Friščićem, ne za više od jednom godišnje, ako i toliko. Nemam znanja za razumijevanje svega što tumači Željko Rohatinski. A nemam, bogme, ni živaca za natezanje s Rončevićem i njegovima.	hr
Jedan je muškarac bacio cipelu na norveškog masovnog ubojicu Andersa Behringa Breivika, pa je suđenje u petak prvi put omelo javno iskazivanje prosvjeda.	hr
– Da, volim šetati šumom, najviše na proljeće kad sve cvjeta. Imamo okućnicu o kojoj za sada brine moja mama. Volim kad cvijeće procvjeta, kad se livade zazelene... Proljeće mi je najljepše godišnje doba.	hr
'Život u raju' Vlatkin je odgovor na sliku koju su o njoj stvorili mediji, a koja je lažna i puna predrasuda te je sigurna da će je ljudi koji pročitaju knjigu shvatiti i početi gledati drukčijim očima	hr
Sudsko pak vijeće uzelo je kao vjerodostojnu izjavu krunske i zaštićene svjedokinje Želite Tomić, jer je, kako obrazlažu, bilo moguće ili prihvatiti u cijelosti ili odbaciti.	hr
Inače, Google je do sad u "zelene projekte" uložio više od 350 milijuna dolara, a najavljuje i daljnje ulaganje.	hr
- Godinama smo dokazivali da smo zanemareni, diskriminirani i neuvažavani jer glavni razlog minusa u poslovanju je nedostatan mjesečni limit pulske bolnice od 18 milijuna kuna, kaže Drandić.	hr
I Uprava i radnici »Kraljevice« su se našli na istoj strani. Skupa će potpisati peticiju kojom traže hitan sastanak kod ministra Čačića.	hr
Annanov glasnogovornik je rekao da je sirijska vlada pismeno potvrdila specijalnom izaslaniku UN-a i Arapske lige Annanu da prihvaća njegov plan, kojeg je potvrdilo Vijeće sigurnosti UN-a.	hr
U riječkoj Vitezovićevoj ulici oštećen je automobil Renault Clio, vlasništvo 32-godišnjaka iz Matulja. Policija je utvrdila kako je na vozilu razbijeno prednje vjetrobransko staklo. U Ulici Janka Polić Kamova također je oštećeno prednje vjetrobransko staklo nas Fiatu Seicento, u vlasništvu 77-godišnjeg Riječanina.	hr
Policija je i u srijedu kasno poslijepodne još uvijek obavljala izvide i razgovore sa sudionicima tučnjave da bi utvrdila što se točno dogodilo.	hr
U maratonskoj utakmici koja je započela u srijedu u 19.40h po lokalnom vremenu, a završila u četvrtak ujutro u 00.14h, dominirale su obrane i sjajni vratari. Tako je Henrik Lundqvist zaustavio 45 udaraca prema vratima Rangersa, a Braden Holtby dva udarca više prema golu Capitalsa. Sada momčadima predstoji dva dana odmora prije četvrte utakmice koja je na rasporedu u subotu opet u Washingtonu.	hr
Sudeći po reakcijama malobrojne publike i Stručnog povjerenstva, svi izvođači su se vrlo dobro pripremili za nastup i povjerenstvu neće biti jednostavno koga ne uvrstiti u popis onih koji će 2. lipnja nastupiti na završnoj smotri u Nedelišću.	hr
Zrakoplov koji je letio iz Rima za Dubrovnik sletio je u subotu u 19.17 sati u dubrovačku zračnu luku s tehničkim problemima.	hr
- Našim najboljim robotima treba približno tjedan dana za zadatak koji istraživač obavi u minutu. Ukoliko roboti na Marsu otkriju značajne razloge za ekspediciju, poput vodenih nakupina sposobnih za održavanje života, imamo znanstvenu obavezu poslati ljudske istraživače, kaže Nye i zaključuje da "ukoliko niste intrigirani mogućnošću postojanja drugih oblika života na Marsu, čemu ustajati svakog jutra?"	hr
- Čovječe, ovo je onaj osjećaj koji ljudi zovu ostvarenjem sna. Nije stvar samo u ovom trenutku i pobjedi nad Heatom. Stvar je u putovanju koje je trajalo 17 godina. Mislio sam da imam pravu priliku 2003. s Netsima protiv Spursa. Bio sam tada u krivu.	hr
Talijanka je izjavila nedavno u jednom intervjuu da joj je velika želja roditi drugo dijete.	hr
Tko fali? Da, nema Iva, otišao je u Ameriku, netko ga je snimio na aerodromu u Los Angelesu. Neki kažu, pobjegao je u strahu da ga gospođa i rizničar s početka priče ne optuže za organizaciju izvlačenja šesnaest i pol milijuna kuna iz Hrvatskih autocesta. Ne vjerujem, vratit će se on. Ne možemo u Europu dok je on u Americi.	hr
"Ostatku Europe i svijeta želimo poručiti da je kultura dobra za psihičko i tjelesno zdravlje. Trećina predviđenih kulturnih događanja bit će povezana s temom sreće", rekla je glasnogovornica fonda Turku 2011. Saara Malila.	hr
Vlada je, naime, namjerila radikalno pooštriti kažnjavanje novinara, pa bi se za klevetu ubuduće moglo i do godinu dana u aps, a uvelo bi se i novo kazneno djelo sramoćenja, kojim bi se olako praznile novinarske lisnice.	hr
Na prvi pogled brežuljasti krajolik na slici predstavlja rijetko postavljeno drveće koje baca sjenu na crvenkastu zemlju. No zapravo radi se o nizu prašnjavih dina, ledenih rječica i tamnih izdanaka na više od 100 milijuna kilometara udaljenom Marsu, a "drveće" su zapravo staze od pijeska.	hr
Dakle, danas su u Vladi i predsjedništvu HDZ-a redom časni i pošteni ljudi na čelu s Jadrankom Kosor.	hr
Sunčano vrijeme i velike vrućine potrajat će do početka vikenda kada su, kažu prognostičari, na redu izraženije promjene. Do tada, najbolje je poslušati savjete liječnika, od 11 do 17 sati ne izlagati se previše suncu, ne pretjerivati s tjelesnim aktivnostima i naravno, piti što je više moguće, hladnih napitaka	hr
- Niža razina vode u akumulaciji Butoniga automatski se odražava i na rast njene temperature pa se ona približava gornjoj granici od 25 stupnjeva. Vodovod je, kao i u nekoliko navrata do sada, zatražio dozvolu resornog ministarstva za korištenje vode toplije od 25 stupnjeva i dobio je pozitivan odgovor za dodatna tri stupnja.	hr
Nakon pet festivalskih večeri, one u Opatiji, potom supetarske, pa bakarske koja je nažalost prekinuta zbog nevremena, pa umaške i posljednje održane u Gračišću u ukupnom poretku Festivala Melodije Istre i Kvarnera s 91 bodom vode Duško Jeličić Dule i Antonio Krištofić, drugoplasirana je Klapa Sol s 87 bodova, a na trećem mjestu je Daniel Načinović s 68 bodova.	hr
Izlaskom očevidne ekipe te pregledom unutrašnjosti kuće od strane djelatnika Međimurje plina nije utvrđeno nekontrolirano istjecanje plina, ali je plinski bojler zapečaćen te će biti obavljen daljnji pregled i utvrđivanje uzroka ovog događaja.	hr
Kada proizvođači gadgeta predstavljaju i opisuju svoje proizvode, onda su oni sasvim očekivano uvijek brži, bolji te na sve druge moguće i nemoguće načine superiorniji od konkurencije, no kada to čine nezavisni analitičari, stvari nisu uvijek takve.	hr
Ministarstvo je u potpunosti poštovalo odluke od prije dvije godine, kad je prvi put primijenjen ovaj model pokrivanja troškova za sve studente koji su upisivali prvu godinu i za one koji su bili na diplomskim studijima, te je dosad u potpunosti isplatilo sve što je bilo ugovoreno, tvrdi nadalje Fuchs.	hr
Nepunih osam mjeseci od parlamentarnih izbora gotovo polovina direktora i čelnika tridesetak državnih tvrtki i javnih ustanova smještenih u Osijeku još uvijek je na svojim funkcijama, premda je u pravilu riječ o kadru izbornog gubitnika HDZ-a.	hr
Cijela kuća opremljena je najmodernijom tehnologijom, počevši od trodimenzionalnih televizora u dnevnom boravku, pa do mnogobrojnih ekrana na zidovima, preko kojih dodirom možete dobiti pregled svih prostorija i tako ustanoviti da li je na primjer u kuhinji upaljen štednjak, da li još radi perilica rublja i slično.	hr
Kolnici su mjestimice mokri ili vlažni, te skliski u Lici, središnjoj Hrvatskoj i Slavoniji. Jak vjetar puše na dionici autoceste A6 Rijeka-Zagreb od vijadukta Bukovo do tunela Tuhobić, no autocesta je otvorena za sve skupine vozila. Mogući su odroni zemlje i kamenja.	hr
Prikazan je i 10-minutni filmski kolaž koji je podsjetio na televizijske zapise i uloge Pere Kvrgića.	hr
Nakon što je motocikl udario u rubnjak i doslovno je preletio desetak metara na drugu stranu kružnog toka dijelovi motocikla ostali su rasuti po cijeloj dužini od rubnjaka do mjesta gdje se motocikl zaustavio. Na motociklu je imao krajnje izlizane gume. (M. S.)	hr
Time svoj popis ne slaže po važnosti osoba, već nastoji odabrati najutjecajnije osobe iz raznih područja. Tako su za ovu godinu među političarima najutjecajnijima proglasili, među ostalim, kolumbijskog predsjednika Juana Manuela Santosa, talijanskog premijera Maria Montija, njemačku kancelarku Angelu Merkel, američkog predsjednika Baracka Obamu i mnoge druge.	hr
Provedenim kriminalističkim istraživanjem utvrđeno je postojanje osnovane sumnje da je 17-godišnjak iz Vrgorca počinitelj krađe novca iz kuće i oštećenja stakala na hotelu u Cavtatu, navodi se u priopćenju PU Dubrovačko-neretvanske.	hr
U službenom priopćenju navedeno je kako njih dvoje ostaju dobri prijatelji te kako će nastaviti sa zajedničkim poslovnim djelovanjem jer imaju dvije kompanije za produkciju porno filmova, «Teravision» i «Iron Cross».	hr
- Izašli smo na izbore kao stranka, a ne pojedinac, i kako god završilo, mislim da neće biti nikakvih raskola i da neće biti predbacivanja tko je kriv, kaže Dalić. Inače, novinari u izbornom stožeru HDZ-a žale se da tamo nema pravog posla, jer vlada gotovo zavjet šutnje i nema se mnogo toga za izvjestiti	hr
- Naravno da nećemo platiti 15 milijuna kuna. Napravit ćemo sve u skladu s gradskom odlukom, dakle, poštovat ćemo što god Grad Dubrovnik bude tražio od nas. Ako to znači 7000 novih mjesta, napravit ćemo ih. Jeftinije je to napraviti nego platiti – poručuje Željan Konsuo s godišnjeg odmora napominjući kako bi detaljnije na sva pitanja o neriješenim odnosima s gradskom upravom mogao odgovoriti po povratku sredinom mjeseca.	hr
Datković i Miloš od prve, Močinić od 65. minute. Trojica mladih na maksimirskom travnjaku. Zadovoljni?	hr
Europski je parlament krajem svibnja 2012. izrazio zabrinutost najnovijim razvojem događaja u nekim istočnoeuropskim zemljama. Europski zastupnici zahtjevaju da se provjeri jesu li zakoni koji vrijede, na primjer, u Rusiji, u skladu s europskom Konvencijom o ljudskim pravima.	hr
»Da je država na vrijeme reagirala ne bi došlo do radničkog otpora na Braču. Radnici nemaju izbora već se boriti za svoja radna mjesta, pa i rukama, nogama, nekada i nepoštivati zakon. To je sindikat«, odgovorio je Šegvić.	hr
SPLIT Na 5. Međunarodnom baletnom natjecanju (Korea International Ballet Competition), održanom u Seulu solisti splitskog Baleta Hazuki Tomita i Jassaui Mergalijev osvojili su srebrne medalje, priopćio je HNK.	hr
Međutim, ni turistička sezona nije svemoguća: ako Europu ozbiljno pogodi recesija, turisti koji dođu trošit će manje.Inflacija je, računa HNB, mogla biti i niža od predviđenih 2,3 posto zbog slabije domaće potražnje. Međutim, mogla bi biti i viša zbog poskupljenja sirovina na svjetskom tržištu, koje će se preliti na domaće cijene.	hr
Koliko pacijenata ne podiže nalaze s obavljenih pregleda, a koliko ih ne dođe na pregled?	hr
U tim spisima, naime, već su provedene ili se još provode "izvidne i istražne radnje" koje imaju za cilj utvrditi sve okolnosti stradavanja civila za koje odgovornost Amnesty International i Inicijativa mladih imputiraju Šeksu. No, iz svih pregledanih materijala i provedenih razgovora osječko tužiteljstvo nije našlo dovoljno dokaza za daljnje postupanje protiv Vladimira Šeksa.	hr
Odvjetnici američke pop ikone Lady Gage zaprijetili su podizanjem tužbe protiv proizvođača sladoleda od majčina mlijeka pod nazivom "Baby Gaga", prenosi u nedjelju AFP.	hr
"U ovom trenutku nemamo u planu zatvoriti niti jedan školski objekt, jedino će neke matične škole zbog novog pedagoškog standarda morati promijeniti status u područne škole u kojima se nastava održava od prvog do četvrtog razreda. Tamo gdje je to moguće, pokušat ćemo zadržati status matične škole, kao u Oprtlju, koji spada u brdsko-planinsko područje i koji time podliježe drukčijim kriterijima", kazao je Dušman.	hr
- U njoj stoji, sve su životinje jednake, ali neke životinje su 'jednakije' od drugih. To Jambo misli da može postići u HSS-u. U Statutu HSS-a stoji da su svi jednaki. Gradska organizacija Metković niti Stipo Gabrić ne mogu odskakati od odluka ovog Statuta – poručio je Mujo, uz kojega su na konferenciji za novinare bili Frano Skokandić, Luka Vidak i Pero Maškarić.	hr
Stopa nezaposlenosti krajem rujna prošle godine prema podacima Hrvatskog zavoda za mirovinsko osiguranje u Međimurskoj županiji iznosila je 15,4 posto dok je u rujnu 2009. godine stopa bila 12,7 posto. Aktivnih osiguranika, zaposlenih osoba krajem rujna 2010. godine bilo je 39.020 što je za 2062 osobe ili 5 posto manje nego u rujnu 2009. godine.	hr
Sa HD Super AMOLED zaslonom veličine 4,8 inča, pruža detaljno i živopisno iskustvo gledanja. Super AMOLED zaslon Samsungovih mobilnih telefona unaprijeđen je na HD 16:9 šire kutove gledanja. Kako bi se osiguralo brže dijeljenje sadržaja i povezivanje, Galaxy S III nudi WiFi Channel Bonding koji udvostručuje propusnost WiFi-a.	hr
- Bilo je gubljenja, ali onih psiholoških. Glumci su jako zanimljivi. Čim ih makneš iz grada, iz njihovih matičnih kazališta i uigranih uloga, ostanu sami sa sobom, mozak im radi puno brže i dođu do prekoračenja u nekom trenutku. Mislim da će svi pamtiti ovo snimanje jer stvarno je bilo super, samo se nadam da se nitko nije vratio puno drugačiji iz šumice.	hr
Mnoštvo novinara u petak ju je očekivalo i u pulskoj Zračnoj luci i na Brijunima. Kamere na ramenima, fotoaparati i objektivi na podu, skupine novinara u stand byu. I na koncu su se svi pitali, je li Angelina uopće planirala doći ili je sve to bila samo dobra priča…	hr
– Zašto je došlo do tako visokih računa za veljaču, pitala je Jurčić.	hr
British India je ostala upamćena u povijesti pomorstva kao jedna od njenih najvećih i najuspješnijih brodara svih vremena. Imala je ukupno preko	hr
Nekoliko njenih najbližih suradnika su brzo izmijenili poglede. Netko je glasno progutao pljuvačku.	hr
Gradonačelnik im je odgovorio kazavši kako se može očekivati uređenje križanja na Ilijinoj glavici do početka sljedeće turističke sezone.	hr
Predsjednik Uprave HEP-a Leo Begović još je prošle godine najavio da će HEP 2012. imati oko 150 stanica za napajanje električnih automobila, a u planu je i razvoj tehničkih rješenja za punjenje u domovima vozača.	hr
- Okončana je vrlo zahtjevna strana investicija, teška 210 milijuna eura, u kojoj nam je partner najstariji europski lanac hotela Kempinski, koji iza sebe ima stoljetnu tradiciju u elitnom turizmu. Ovaj u Alberima je 61. hotel lanca Kempinski u svijetu. Recesija nije zaobišla niti nas - luksuzne 22 rezidencijalne vile pored hotela nisu dovršene, marina nije izgrađena, ali smo, tome usprkos, zaposlili 200 djelatnika, rekla je Marfan.	hr
Zbog narušavanja javnog reda i mira, otac i sin su uhićeni i dovedeni u prostorije policije gdje je 52-godišnji otac vičući vrijeđao i omalovažavao policijske službenike.	hr
Poseban je ovo praznik kada nas preplavljuje ponos na postignuća koja smo zajedno, kao građani suverene Republike Hrvatske, postigli na putu od proglašenja samostalnosti do danas, kada je naša država članica NATO-a i na pragu Europske unije, a naš Grad njezin ponos i znak raspoznavanja u cijelom svijetu.	hr
Razgovori će se nastaviti a Grad Mursko Središće na uvid dati nacrte svih instalacija kod i uz most. (sm)	hr
– Svečano, kako i priliči. Bio je neki državni praznik, sve puno zastava i djece u pionirskoj odjeći, a nasred mjesta pred špinom koju su montirali dan uoči fešte – ugledni društveno-politički radnik drži svečani govor o vodi i slobodi, potom presijeca vrpcu, uzima čašu, odvrće špinu, nalijeva i ispija. I svi viču: »Živio drug Taj i Taj!«	hr
Nakon brojnih manjih koncerata od samog početka karijere kad je bio "no name" negdje početkom '90-ih kad je jedan od općenito prvih svojih koncerata održao u Hodošanu u sklopu malonogometnog turnira, pa do brojnih klupskih koncerata u čakovečkom Japa baru i nekim drugim prostorima u Međimurju, Tony Cetinski će 6. veljače održati prvi veliki koncert u Međimurju, u dvorani Graditeljske škole u Čakovcu.	hr
»Istina je, kao što sam informirao hrvatsku javnost na tiskovnoj konferenciji prije godinu i pol dana, da sam u četiri navrata bio pozvan u legalnu stranačku blagajnu da preuzmem donaciju za obnovu u ratu razrušene crkve u Bilaju. O tome postoji dokumentacija koja to potvrđuje, kao i brojni svjedoci«, ističe Milinović i dodaje da »u nekim od iskaza, i Branka Pavošević potvrđuje da nije isplaćivala donaciju u mjesečnim iznosima«.	hr
'Kristen Stewart je ljubomorna na Stephanie. Ne može podnijeti što njih dvoje provode vrijeme zajedno', kazao je izvor.	hr
Prva se javila Theresa Rogers s tvrdnjom da je njena djevojčica rođena 2003. iz afere s najboljim golferom svijeta, a sada i glumica filmova za odrasle Devon James izjavom da je njen devetogodišnji sin plod njene i Tigerove ljubavi.	hr
Pero Vićan je u Orebiću izabran za kandidata Županijskog nogometnog saveza Dubrovačko-neretvanske županije za Izvršni odbor Hrvatskog nogometnog saveza.	hr
Riječ je o izvanrednom rezultatu s obzirom na to da je 22-godišnji sprinter nastupio prvi put ove sezone na toj dionici ne računajući štafetne nastupe. Također je nastupao na 400 metara.	hr
LJUBLJANA Dvadeset kilograma kokaina, čija je vrijednost procijenjena na milijun eura, otkrili su slovenski carinici i policija u vozilu u kojemu su se dvojica slovenskih državljana vozila iz Austrije prema Ljubljani.	hr
Njegove izjave uslijedile su nakon što je njegov britanski kolega Mervyn King , guverner britanske središnje banke, najavio novi program jeftinih trogodišnjih zajmova za banke kako bi ih potaknuli na kreditiranje kompanija i potrošača.	hr
Ibrahimović je crveni karton zaradio udarivši u stomak protivničkog igrača.	hr
Naime, 10. siječnja 2011. u 76. godini napustio nas je B. P., jedan od najznačajnijih hrvatskih, ali i svjetskih jazzista, vibrafonist, skladatelj, vođa sastava, producent, promotor, diskograf i jazz edukator.	hr
- Uvijek je tako uoči velikog natjecanja, a ovog je ljeta Svjetsko prvenstvo u Rimu – kazat će fizioterapeut reprezentacije Damir Luketić.	hr
Majčin dan u većini se svjetskih zemalja obilježava druge nedjelje u svibnju.	hr
"U SAD-u Obama nema protukandidata, Schröder ga nije imao, Angela Merkel, Tony Blair, da sad ne krenem nabrajati, vi to vrlo dobro znate", poručio je Milanović.	hr
Kada se radi o regiji, vjerojatno će neizbježno biti riječi i o rezultatima nedjeljnih predsjedničkih i parlamentarnih izbora u Srbiji, ali i drugog kruga predsjedničkih izbora u Francuskoj te prijevremenih parlamentarnih u Grčkoj.	hr
Dodao je da je Hrvatska ima još puno vremena za odluku o potpisivanju spornog sporazuma koji je potaknuo globalne prosvjede, a za koji dio javnosti smatra da narušava privatnost i ostale slobode.	hr
Tajni su gosti na Malom Lošinju ovog ljeta bile tri obitelji koje su pojedinačno dolazile u lipnju, srpnju i kolovozu, bili su smješteni u hotelima i kampovima, istraživali kvalitetu raznih usluga, raspitivali se za razne informacije osobno i telefonski po cijelom otoku i prije dolaska slanjem e-mail upita, ocjenjivali ljubaznost ljudi, kao i kvalitetu raznih lošinjskih internet stranica, itd.	hr
U slučaju organizatora skupine atentatora Roberta Matanića te Bojana Gudurića i Slobodana Đurovića od Županijskoga suda zatraženo je da donese odluku o produljenju pritvora u kojemu su od kraja listopada 2008.	hr
Predsjednik Barack Obama potpisao je ukaz o zatvaranju Guantanama odmah po ulasku u Bijelu kuću u siječnju 2009. No iz proračunskih razloga Kongres priječi zatvaranje logora jer odbija izdvojiti novac za prebacivanje zatvorenika iz tog vojnog zatvora na Kubi na američki teritorij ili u treće zemlje.	hr
Američki su mediji u nedjelju izvijestili da se tijekom ubilačkog pohoda u kinu Holmesova poluautomatska puška zaglavila te je morao uzeti manje smrtonosno oružje. Po izvorima američkih medija, poluautomatska puška koju je imao Holmes može ispaljivati 50 do 60 metaka u minuti.	hr
Tomečak), Badelj, Morales (od 87. Ibanez), Sammir, Rukavina (od 79. Beqiraj).	hr
Kako je bilo letjeti padobranom iznad Dubrovnika u Hamletovu društvu (Luke Dragića)?	hr
Savez udruga za zaštitu potrošača Hrvatske okuplja 14 potrošačkih Šibenika, Zadara, Slavonskog Broda, Čakovca, Vodica i Samobora.	hr
Također su procijenili da su najznačajniji čimbenici ustrajnosti pacijenta strah od bolesti i vrsta bolesti, te da cijena lijeka i strah od nuspojava najmanje utječu na redovito uzimanje terapije.	hr
"Sve bračne tranzicije predstavljaju šok za težinu. To su velike promjene u nečijem životu i mogu promijeniti životnu situaciju i vrstu hrane", zaključili su sociolozi i nutricionisti.	hr
Bikerski repertoar ne bi bio potpun bez AC/DC-jeve "Highway To Hell" prilikom koje je Dario prigodno pooštrio glas, zatim "Johnny B. Good", pa malo Billyja Idola uz "Rebel Yell" te neizostavne "Proud Mary" i "Motori".	hr
Pigment na području dekoltea uništava se optičkom energijom. Cilj je da pigment i crvenilo kože, kojeg čine krvne žile, najprije potamne i da se kroz nekoliko dana nestanu. Nakon toga koža je kvalitetnija i ljepše izgleda. Da bi rezultati bili vidljivi i učinkoviti potrebna su otprilike tri tretmana.	hr
Iako je sličnih susreta bilo i ranije ovaj je posebno značajan, jer dolazi nakon posljednjeg ozbiljnog razilaženja Kajina i Ivana Jakovčića.	hr
Bratimi u svojim kućama čiste, uređuju za Veliki petak procesijske ukrase, koji se nose u procesiji, pa raspela, kandelabre, barjak, torac ili makar običnu svijeću..,	hr
Početkom ove godine najviše su u drugim/susjednim zemljama kupovali odjeću i obuću (65 posto), bezalkoholna pića, meso i mesne prerađevine (po oko 42 posto), mliječne proizvode, sredstva za pranje/čišćenje u kućanstvu (po oko 39 posto), proizvode osobne higijene, kavu, cigarete (po oko 32 posto), alkohol (25 posto).	hr
(VK i DZ, foto: ZV)	hr
No, sve je iznenadila unatoč lošem početku u osnovnom meču. Preciznije, ležećem stavu u kojem je pogodila 193 kruga, u stojećem je pogodila 195 krugova, a u klečećem 196 krugova. Ukupno 584 kruga i šesto mjesto u kvalifikacijama.	hr
Losion Fitoval Plus patentirana je formula protiv ispadanja kose namijenjena intenzivnoj njezi kose i vlasišta pri reverzibilnim oblicima ćelavosti, pri zaustavljanju napredovanja hormonski uvjetovanog ispadanja kose u ranim fazama i pri ispadanju kose zbog starenja.	hr
Nasrtaj plastičnom bocom na sjednici Nadzornog odbora SDP-a tek je posljednji u nizu fizičkih incidenata između hrvatskih političara. Poprište obračuna «političkih pjetlića» obično je Sabor, a posljedice su uglavnom benigne, mimo snažnog udara na ugled i taštinu.	hr
Do dana današnjega ne znamo ni koliki im je bio tlak. Sretna sam zbog toga. Ako se hrvatska službena politika i nije nikad iskreno odrekla svojih zločina bar nas nije obavještavala kako je ugađala našim generalima prije nego ih je strpala u avion za Hag. Svoje je sluge isporučila svojim gospodarima hladno, efikasno, brzo, bez vatrometa i vatrenih govora.	hr
Ostatak otoka potpuno je nenaseljen. Dnevni najam sedam spavaćih soba koliko ih ima u svetioniku, od lipnja do listopada košta 700 eura. Zimi je svetionik zatvoren zbog loših vremenskih uvjeta.	hr
Još nas više boli spoznaja da "naš" ministar poljoprivrede Tihomir Jakovina, Slavonac, najmanje zastupa interese Slavonije i Branje. Ne znamo kako ministar Jakovina jednog dana kada ne bude ministar i možda se vrati ponovno živjeti u Slavoniju namjerava pogledati tim istim Slavoncima u oči, stoji u priopćenju ŽO HSS-a Osječko-baranjske županije.(G.S.)	hr
Na predmetnoj pokretnini Međimurska banka d.d. ima fiducijarno vlasništvo do podmirenja njene tražbine te se isto nalazi u njezinom posjedu.	hr
Inače, bivše odmaralište beogradskog Čelika posljednjih se godina ilegalno koristi kao stambeni objekt, o čemu smo u Glasu Istre već izvještavali.	hr
Nove dionice Bijele ceste radit ćemo u fazama jer naš je koncept kompleksan i skup, a mi smo siromašni i neizvjesne budućnosti, kazala je na otvorenju 40. mediteranskog kiparskog simpozija (MKS) u nedjelju u Dubrovi kraj Labina njegova predsjednica Gorka Ostojić Cvajner.	hr
Župan Nikola Dobroslavić i pročelnik za turizam more i poduzetništvo Maro Kristić sudjelovali su u Luži na otvaranju Energetska efikasnost (EE)- informacijskog pulta za građanstvo. Na otvaranju su bili načelnica Odjela za racionalno gospodarenje energijom i energetsku učinkovitost u neposrednoj potrošnji Fonda za zaštitu okoliša i energetsku učinkovitost Irena Dubravec te koordinator projekta Sustavno gospodarenje energijom iz Programa Ujedinjenih naroda za razvoj (UNDP) Sandro Nižetić.	hr
Izložene fotografije izbor su iz monografije objavljene u izdanju Bošnjačke nacionalne zajednice Hrvatske, u povodu nagrade za životno djelo koju je 2008. Akšamiji dodijelila Europska federacija profesionalnih fotografa.	hr
Golove za Hrvatsku zabili su Eduardo (67) i Mandžukić (72). U drugom susretu iz skupine Grčka je pobijedila Gruziju 2:1 nakon što je do 80. minute gubila 0:1. S dva gola u samoj završnici Grci su okrenuli rezultat i izborili plasman na EP.	hr
7. Krenite s malim, ali sanjajte veliko	hr
Jučer su, pak, trupe drugog ministra policije, Ranka Ostojića, osvjetlale obraz struke i osigurale da se budnom oku iz Bruxellesa pokaže i tolerantna strana Hrvatske.	hr
Ako se po početnoj dionici od ukupnih dvadesetak kilometara puta neke stvari mogu predvidjeti, ekspediciji neće biti lako danas u nastavku puta koji ih vodi prema pašačkom mostu, mlinovima, Harteri pa sve do kraja na Brajdici. No, kad su u pitanju alpinisti i speleozi nitko nimalo ne sumnja da će cijela ekspedicija između 14 i 15 sati što preplivati što prošetati posljednje metre brze Rječine.	hr
Po deset tisuća kuna manje dobit će Mediteranski kiparski simpozij za ovogodišnji program rada (70 tisuća); Ulysses teatar za program za 2011. (70), Udruga Val kulture za Legendfest 2011. (60), Humaniora za Statute istarskih gradova (60) i Općina Marčana za očuvanje imena i djela Mate Balote (40 tisuća kuna).	hr
Zbog usklađivanja s novom zakonskom regulativom, gubitak će generirati i pulska Herculanea, i to manjak od 1,8 milijuna kuna. I oni će, kako je rekao direktor Igor Stari, manjak nadoknaditi kroz racionalizaciju poslovanja i štednju.	hr
Na pitanje isključuje li u potpunosti suradnju sa oporbenom Srpskom naprednom strankom (SNS), predsjednik SPS-a odgovara: ''Hajde prvo da vidimo može li se okupiti većina o kojoj pregovaramo''.	hr
EXTRA: Prošlog ponedjeljka vaša je starija kći Anuška otputovala u Kaliforniju gdje namjerava završiti treći razred srednje škole. Je li vam bilo teško pustiti je?	hr
Kako to već biva u ovakvim ogledima, utakmica je protekla uz mnogo promjena i preokreta. Momčad Chara je povela 3-0, ali do kraja prve dionice već je bilo 3-3. Potom su vodili i sa 5-3, ali je Alfredssonov sastav uzvratio s tri pogotka i poveo 6-5.	hr
Bartulja, jedna od najposjećenijih pučkih fešti, koja je tradicionalno godinama zatvarala ljetnu sezonu i ovaj je put bila centar događanja u Žminju. Večernja zabava, odnosno koncerti domaće grupe Grrinta i Dražena Zečića su zbog kiše izostali. Tek su Prijatelji zat kaštela uspjeli odsvirati nekoliko pjesama, no feštalo se po kafićima i šatorima gdje nije nedostajalo dobrog raspoloženja sve do jutarnjih sati.	hr
Materijalnu štetu od otprilike 150 tisuća kuna uzrokovao je u srijedu požar koji je zahvatio drveni montažni fast food na području Montrakera u Vrsaru u vlasništvu 50-godišnjeg Porečana.	hr
U programu ovog zanimljivog događanja sudjelovali su: trstenski zbor župe Sv. Vida, sa zborovođom Lukom Zelenom, te pjevačima među kojima je i najstarija članica osamdeset četvorogodišnja Marinka Radovan, recitatori, Magdaljena Trojanović, Katija Puljizević, prof. Ines Ćoro, prof. Mirjana Kaznačić, te bivši članovi crkvenog zbora Male braće Josip Čenić, Marko Majkovica i Miran Glinac.	hr
Ali ovo je više nego što je i jedna vlada u Europi do sada dobila. Ne postoji nitko tko je dobio povećanje rejtinga, kazao je.	hr
Istraživači zdravlja i životne sredine iz münchenskog centra Helmholtz doüli su do novih saznanja koja potvrđuju pretpostavku da zračenje nuklearnih elektrana ima uticaja na genetski kod ljudi. Oni su pažljivo proučili popis novorođene djece i ustanovili da se u krugu od 40 kilometara oko nuklearnih elektrana rađa gotovo jedan posto manje ženske dece no u prosjeku zemlje.	hr
Dnevni red 24. sjednice dopunjen je s 11 novih točaka, među kojima i konačnim prijedlogom Zakona o ništetnosti određenih pravnih akata pravosudnih tijela bivše JNA, bivše SFRJ i Republike Srbije.	hr
Ali ovaj intervju u subotnjem Novom listu... Citiram:	hr
Više od 400 uzvanika na Jägermeister Ice&Easy Partyu dobro se zabavljalo plešući uz ritmove pjesama sa novog albuma TBF-a. Uz splitski sastav, okupljene je zabavljao i poznati DJ Phat Phillie, a dobrano zagrijani gosti osvježavali su se ledeno hladnim Jägerom.	hr
– Primite moju iskrenu sućut. Iako još nema forenzičkih dokaza da ste pokrepali.	hr
Dr. Billy Cohn i Dr. Bud Frazier s Instituta za srce u Teksasu, kažu da su razvili stroj koji bi mogao sve to izbjeći s jednostavnim vrtloženjem rotora - što znači da bi ljudi uskoro mogli dobiti srce koje neće otkucavati, izvješćuje u ponedjeljak američki javni radio NPR.	hr
»Znanost i umjetnost neraskidivo su povezane budući se obje bave istraživanjem našeg postojanja, traženjem odgovora na pitanje što zapravo znači biti čovjek, te koje je naše mjesto u svemiru«, kazao je njemački fizičar te veliki obožavatelj klasične glazbe i generalni direktor CERN-a Rolf Heue r.	hr
No neku hranu treba izbjegavati, riječ je o hrani od koje nastaju mrlje na zubima. Zub gledan mikroskopom izgleda poput spužve, pun je sitnih rupica i šupljina zbog kojih nastaju mrlje od nekih vrsta hrane. Hrana od koje nastaju mrlje je čaj, kava, crveno vino, sokovi, borovnice, soja sos i duhan.	hr
Po završetku susreta u palači Ranjina u Dubrovniku, koji je bio zatvoren za javnost, Jandroković je izjavio da je u razgovorima potvrđena visoka razina bilateralnih odnosa dviju zemalja te spremnost da se ona unaprijedi.	hr
19:10 - Sindikatima su pred njihovim domom poručili "Izdaja, izdaja" i upitali zašto su ih izdali, aludirajući na inertnost sindikalnih lidera i njihovo stajanje po strani dok je zemlja, a i njihovi članovi, u najgoroj situaciji u proteklih 11 godina.	hr
Glasnogovornik mirovne misije UN-a Kieran Dwayer rekao je da su u Damask stigla šestorica promatrača koji će već u ponedjeljak početi s radom. Skupina je krenula iz New Yorka u subotu pošto je Vijeće sigurnosti odobrilo rezoluciju kojom odobrava njihovo razmještanje u zemlju i nadgledanje krhkog primirja.	hr
Nova Vlada i njezin predsjednik Zoran Milanović dobili su upozorenje od Amnesty Internationala za Europu da moraju istražiti visoke državne i vojne dužnosnike zbog sumnje da su počinili ratni zločin.	hr
ZAGREB - Nakon 17 sati glasovanja i zbrajanja glasova, HDZ je u ponedjeljak ujutro dobio novog predsjednika Tomislava Karamarka. On je u drugom krugu pobijedio Milana Kujndžića, osvojio je 971 glas izaslanika od ukupno njih 1.845 koliko ih je glasalo u drugom krugu.	hr
Izbornik Slavko Goluža kazao je da i dalje stoji iza svoje izjave »da bi radije da smo u polufinalu pobijedili Srbiju, negoli osvojili zlatnu medalju«.	hr
Sportskim novinarom godine proglašen je 1997., a 2003. i 2005. Hrvatski zbor sportskih novinara dodijelio mu je godišnju nagradu za sportsku publicistiku za knjige "Split je prva liga" i "Zlatna košarka Mirka Novosela".	hr
Cilj manifestacije je širenje kulturnih različitosti, njegovanje tradicije i identiteta hrvatskog naroda u BiH, uz poštivanje različitosti drugih naroda. Bogatstvo umjetničkog izričaja - glazbenog, kazališnog, književnog, likovnog, dječjeg, filmskog - ono je što Mostarsko proljeće, koje je postalo i svojevrstan kulturni brand, čini jednom od najznačajnijih manifestacija u regiji.	hr
Ministar financija i predsjednik Nadzornog odbora Croatia osiguranja Ivan Šuker najavio je pri gostovanju na Radiju 101 smjenu Hrvoja Vojkovića s mjesta predsjednika te Damira Mihanovića s mjesta člana Uprave spomenutog javnog poduzeća. Njihove smjene vise u zraku već nekoliko tjedana.	hr
Zelena akcija izrazila je zabrinutost što u Hrvatskoj ne postoji nikakva rasprava o ovoj slovenskom planu, a NE Krško je udaljena samo 15 kilometara od hrvatske granice i 38 kilometara od Zagreba.	hr
Pomahnitali putnik taksija Cammea noćas je u Čučerju nožem napao taksista koji je uspio pobjeći, nakon čega je napadač nožem izbo prijatelja s kojim se vozio, a dva sata poslije nekoliko kilometara dalje nepoznati razbojnik palicom je napao drugoga Cammeova taksista i ukrao mu automobil koji je pronađen uništen u jarku.	hr
"Hrvatska je tržište u razvoju i jedno je od onih s najvećim potencijalnim rastom. Imate dobre temelje za to - od dobre infrastrukture do ulaganja u sudstvo i administraciju. No, postoji i dosta prostora za popravak", naglasio je Stokes. Pojasnio je kako pritom misli na jačanje konkurentnosti na međunarodnoj razini kroz oslanjanje na inovativnost.	hr
Od gledatelja doznajemo da je stadion bio pun policajaca te da su Armadini navijači bili u kavezu. Po završetku utakmice policajci su ispratili sve navijače izvan stadiona radi izbjegavanja sukoba.	hr
Predstavljen je i MultiPlusCard - fantastičan program nagrađivanja, u kojem korisnici, kupujući osnovne namirnice i kućne potrepštine, plaćajući kreditnim i debitnim karticama, kupujući knjige, dnevne novine, proizvode za ljepotu, njegu i higijenu, razgovarajući mobitelom i putujući, sakupljaju bodove i dobivaju nagradne kupone.	hr
"Kormilo preuzima moj sin Alessandro koji će postati predsjednik. Nakon utrke koja je trajala 47 godina, u utorak ću prekinuti sve funkcije u tvrtki koju sam osnovao s braćom i sestrom", najavio je u nedjelju Luciano u razgovoru za talijanski dnevnik Corriere della Sera.	hr
Uzbudljivo će biti u ekonomiji: brodogradnja, ribolov, cijene tekućina (voda, gorivo). Nafta iz podmorja odigrati će značajnu ulogu.	hr
SLANO, JADRANSKE IGRE, KVALIFIKACIJE REGIJE 4, KONAČNI POREDAK:	hr
Dok traje provedba programa restrukturiranja Pounje Trikotaža ne smije primati druge državne potpore osim onih predviđenih Programom. Eventualne nove potpore za sanaciju i restrukturiranje tom se poduzetniku ne smiju dodijeliti prije isteka roka od 10 godina od završetka razdoblja restrukturiranja, izvjestili su iz AZTN-a.	hr
Švicarski redatelj "Do posljednjeg daha", rođen u Parizu, nagrađen je uz još trojicu velikana: redatelja i producenta Francisa Forda Coppolu, glumca Elija Wallacha i povjesničara filma Kevina Brownlowa.	hr
Sretna majka vijest o rođenju kćeri podijelila je s obožavateljima na svom Facebook profilu. Haven je prilikom rođenja težila 3,5 kilograma i bila je duga 47 centimetara.	hr
Tri međunarodna konzorcija su zainteresirana za posao: francuski EDF/Areva, američko-japanski GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy Americas i američko-japanska grupacija Westinghaus Electric Company LLC.	hr
Za krađu dostavnog vozila i njegovu prodaju Metisu osumnjičena je 34-godišnja Riječanka koja je kazneno prijavljena Općinskom državnom odvjetništvu u Rijeci.	hr
"Narednik James" redateljice Kathryn Bigelow zasjenio je tako i hit "Avatar" njezinog bivšeg supruga Jamesa Camerona. Oba su filma bila nominirana za nagrade u osam kategorija, a ta dva filma također vode po nominacijama za Oscara koji će biti dodijeljeni 7. ožujka.	hr
Zato, kako je to lijepo odavna poručio veliki Toma Bebić, volite se, ljudožderi!	hr
A 21. stoljeće ima, by the way, svoje čudne puteve... Evo, primjerice, tekst na internetskoj stranici medija koji je inicijativi udruga dao najveći prostor. Usred teksta, Google oglas. O plavoj tabletici koja na prirodan način rješava probleme. I naslov crvenim, masnim slovima: Erekcija tvrda kao kamen.	hr
Odjek događaja ponukao je i ugledne kazališne umjetnike Dubrovčane u Zagrebu da daju svoj glas za opstanak Burse. Imena kao	hr
Redoslijed: 1. Maccabi 18-1, 2. Cedevita 15-4, 3. Partizan 13-6, 4. Budućnost 13-6...	hr
Kako će na to reagirati Vlatka tek će se vidjeti ali vjerujemo da neće šutjeti.	hr
Europska središnja banka dopustila im je da dobiju na vremenu dajući gotovinu ali europski čelnici su vrlo malo napravili za rješavanje strukturalnih problema euro zone, ocijenio je on. Predsjednik Svjetske banke pozvao je na hitno djelovanje Europljana.	hr
Deklaracija također sadrži zahtjev za povećanjem broja parkova i dječjih igrališta, veći Eko centar, ljetnu pozornicu za ples i zabavu, biciklističke staze, više fontana,veliku sportsku dvoranu, bolje opremljenu mokošku knjižnicu, dječju bolnicu i shopping centar, više zelenila i čiste potoke predjela Rijeke dubrovačke.	hr
Kultni Novi Fosili stižu u Dekanovec sa spektakularnim koncertom u sklopu hrvatske turneje „Ljubav koja nema kraj“. Koncert će se održati u sklopu obilježavanja 15. godišnjice Općine Dekanovec i Dana Međimurske županije.	hr
Predsjednik RH uručio je Nadi Vrdoljak odlikovanje Reda hrvatskog trolista za osobite zasluge za Hrvatsku stečene u Domovinskom ratu, koje je Anti Vrdoljaku dodijeljeno posmrtno.	hr
Podržao je skoro zatvaranje Ureda visokog međunarodnog predstavnika i snažniju ulogu Europske unije u toj zemlji.	hr
Split/bazen u Poljudu, početak u 15 sati	hr
Ovisno o odabranom modelu i ocjeni kreditne sposobnosti klijenta, kamatna stopa za nove standardne stambene kredite u redovnoj ponudi kretat će se u rasponu od 6,2 do 7,25 posto. Novi stambeni krediti s ostatkom vrijednosti imat će kamatnu stopu u rasponu od 6,2 do 6,95 posto.	hr
– Pravi prijatelj je samo jedan, onaj na kojeg se može računati od 0 do 24, koji vas razumije, sluša što mu pričate, pred kim nemate nikakvih tajni, osoba kojoj nisu potrebne riječi da bi se razumjeli. Nije prijatelj onaj koji te ne zna nazvati na mob pa da se čujete ili vidite osim preko FB, mišljenja je Miro Vuković .	hr
Nefat se nadovezao na izlaganje stranačkog kolege Mauricija Licula, koji tvrdi da bi se zaduženjem isključivo za neto iznos radova Herculanee uštedjelo 1,2 milijuna kuna, a u zaduženju za školu na Velom Vrhu čak 2,5 milijuna kuna.	hr
Navodno je tim druida drevnim znanjima smanjio broj nesreća na jednom fatalnom mjestu na nulu nakon što su povratili njegovo zemaljsko zračenje, piše web.orange.co.uk.	hr
Slično je ponovio i na pitanje optuženog bivšeg stranačkog šefa, rekavši da je još od izbora, na kojima je 2000. preuzeo vodstvo HDZ-a, Sanader inzistirao na "supsidijarnosti stranke".	hr
Tako je Pazin nedavno obilježio 100 godina gradske knjižnice, 110 godina hrvatske gimnazije, prve u Istri, te 40 godina Katedre Čakavskog sabora za povijest Istre i osnovne glazbene škole, a od 2007. zahvaljujući Veleučilištu u Rijeci Pazin postaje prepoznatljiv i kao studentski grad.	hr
"Nakon sastanka znat ćemo hoćemo li graditi žičaru ili ne!", kazao je gradonačelnik Vlahušić.	hr
Svima koji se svakodnevno voze do Mokošice jasno je o čemu se radi. Mokošani su svjedoci da gradilište u Sustjepanu uglavnom miruje, ali semafori rade i usporavaju promet na ovom dijelu ceste i tako već mjesecima. S velikim vrućinama došla je i sve veča nervoza među vozačima I pozivi u našu redakciju - zbog čega je to tako?	hr
više izvora – što od ugostitelja, što od ljetnih terasa, što od sponzora. Grad Čakovec svoj najveći financijski doprinos dat će u humanitarne svrhe – na račun Županijske bolnice Čakovec za nabavu ultrazvučnog aparata, pa će na sam Dan Grada 29. svibnja na Trgu Republike biti održan humanitarni koncert.	hr
U subotu, 17. ožujka još igraju: Raštane – Zagora, Uskok – Dinara, Val – Primorac Stobreč, dok su u nedjelju, 18. ožujka na rasporedu dvije utakmice: BŠK Zmaj – Jadran Kaštel Sućurac, Neretvanac – Omiš. Početak svih utakmica je u 15 sati.	hr
Obrazlaže da je nakon dugogodišnjeg spora Državnog odvjetništva i Grada pri Općinskom sudu, Županijski sud, kao viša instanca, lani "nepravomoćno poništio cijeli postupak i vratio stvar na početak". Poništeni su, napomenuo je Demetlika, svi sporazumi Grada i kupca Čekade te je zemljišnoknjižnom uredu pri Općinskom sudu u Labinu naloženo da se nekretnina vrati ranijem vlasniku.	hr
Razbojnici su upali u poslovnicu Hypo banke, razoružali zaštitara i automatskim puškama zaprijetili djelatnicima banke. Potom su s još neutvrđenom količinom novca pobjegli u nepoznatom smijeru, doznaje se u zagrebačkoj policiji koja na mjestu zločina još uvijek obavlja očevid.	hr
I on šansu vidi u oživljavaju drugog stupa koji, kako kaže, i dalje nije u minusu, te bilježi godišnji rast od 2-2,5 posto. Rješenje je, dodaje i drugačijem modelu upravljanja velikom imovinom u portfelju Hrvatskog zavoda za mirovinsko osiguranje koja vrijedi 40 milijardi kuna.	hr
Dakle, u Hrvatskom saboru, šef kluba zastupnika vladajuće stranke (Hebrang) proziva jednog od šefova oporbe za kriminal iz privatizacije. Jedan od ministara (Popijač), na to kaže kako očito imamo novog kandidata za ministra policije. A taj se (Karamarko), potom, poput poslušnog pionira diže i svečano obećava kako će policija "provesti kriminalistička istraživanja".	hr
„Problem je u tome da za sada ne može primijetiti neke konkretne mjere ili ciljeve u borbi protiv korupcije. Pojedine mjere postoje doduše u pojedinim zemljama ali i tamo tek djelomično. Ono što nam je potrebno je jedan zajednički program i plan koji bi pokrivao cijelu Uniju", kaže Dominik Enste iz Instituta za njemačko gospodarstvo pri EU.	hr
Poslije nekoliko godina Janša je ipak javno priznao da se prodaja dionica Mercatora dvjema tvrtkama koje su kasnije financijski posrnule zbog golemih kredita naknadno pokazala pogrešnom.	hr
ZAGREB Udruga malih dioničara Liburnia Riviera Hotela (LRH) nezadovoljna nedavnom presudom Visokog suda kojom je poništena obveza grada Opatije za objavu ponude za preuzimanje dionica LRH najavila je danas da će pokrenuti ustavnu tužbu protiv te presude i poduzeti sve pravne radnje da zaštiti interese svojih članova.	hr
čega je uslijedio ekskluzivni gala party na kojem su zabavljači bili	hr
Lani je komunalno poduzeće Albanež taj ilegalni deponij građevinskog otpada izravnalo, no postavlja se pitanje koliko je uopće poželjno ravnanje površine na koju se odlaže otpad čije su česte sastavnice azbest, staklena vuna ili slični opasni materijali. Zanimljivo je da je na tom području prostornim planom predviđena zona za sport, rekreaciju i zabavu.	hr
"Gradska uprava odbacuje taj projekt", piše na gradskoj stranici Helsinkija. Finski ministar kulture Paavo Arhinmaki bio je izrazito skeptičan prema pitanju financiranja projekta. Naime, 140 milijuna eura je potrebno za izgradnju i uređenje novog Guggenheima, a operativni troškovi muzeja bi se pokrivali iz javnih, privatnih i korporativnih sredstava. Arhinmaki je izrazio bojazan da bi finski porezni obveznici na kraju izdvojili oko 100 milijuna eura.	hr
Nakon svega, s Tomaševićem smo razgovarali o učincima prosvjednih akcija i spremnosti građana da se odupru uzurpaciji javnih dobara u korist privatnih investitora.	hr
Meblove kuhinje Astra i Sphera odlikuju se vrhunskom kvalitetom, funkcionalnošću te prilagodbi zahtjevima interijera. Svaka kuhinja se prije definiranja završne varijante precizno izmjeri, nakon razgovora s klijentima se definiraju sve potrebe i navike ukućana, saznajemo da le je potrebna kuhinja sa šankom za brze obroke, ili se nastavlja na veliku blagovaonu.	hr
Isto tako odlučeno je da se nabave odore za prigodne programe i svečanosti za što će se potrošiti 30 tisuća kuna iz sredstava Projekt Eko muzej Mura. U tijeku je i nabava starinskih ormara, niskih vitrina, drvenih stolica i drugih predmeta za opremanje Mlinske kuće u Žabniku, za što će se utrošiti 40 tisuća vlastitih kuna koje će potom biti poračunate,odnosno vraćene iz EU fondova.	hr
Bayer bi bio najsretniji kad bi Ballack napustio klub - što prije, to bolje. Ali tko će angažirati čovjeka na kraju karijere, i to s astronomski visokom plaćom?	hr
Ukratko, radi se o najobičnijoj, prljavoj političkoj ucjeni.	hr
Predsjednik Saveza udruga obitelji zatočenih i nestalih hrvatskih branitelja Ivan Pšenica istaknuo je kako je cilj "samo doći do pravde, ništa drugo", a iako je potrebno analizirati tko je kriv zašto se ovo dogodilo, sad je najvažnije zajedništvo kako bi se došlo do rješenja prihvatljivog za Hrvatsku i generale.	hr
U galeriji Multimedijalnog centra Luka u petak je otvorena samostalna izložba pulskog likovnog umjetnika Boruta Skoka u organizaciji HDLU-a Istre, a okupila je mnogobrojne posjetitelje, kolege iz struke i nadasve prijatelje mladog likovnjaka koji se ovom prigodom predstavio serijom novih radova.	hr
Gradsko vijeće Metkovića na sjednici u ponedjeljak poslijepodne prihvatilo je prijedlog odluke o naplati parkiranja automobila na području grada. Odlukom vijećnika parkiranje će se naplaćivati najvjerojatnije od 7 do 20 sati. Kako je rečeno, u tijeku je nabavka opreme za naplatu parkinga, a kompletan projekt bi trebao započeti nakon 1. siječnja naredne godine.	hr
RIJEKA Novi koncesionar kontejnerskog terminala na Brajdici, tvrtka ICTS, zajedno s Lukom Rijeka, predstavio je u Hotelu Bonavia poslovnim partnerima, u prvom redu agentima, špediterima, prijevoznicima te predstavnicima HŽ-a i Carine svoju viziju razvoja kontejnerskog prometa u Rijeci.	hr
Hrvatska je u kvalifikacijskoj utakmici u Kragujevcu za odlazak na Svjetsko prvenstvo rukometašica doživjela minimalni poraz bez ikakvog značaja, sačuvavši 11 pogodaka prednosti iz prve utakmice odigrane u Varaždinu.	hr
Utakmice 16. kola igraju se 23., 24. i(li) 25. ožujka: Škver Split - Metković, Torcida MR - Stari gradski parking, Porto Tolero - Tin Građevno Vrgorac, Ustanik - Crnica, Square - Okruk, slobodno je Novo vrijeme.	hr
VIP salon Zagrebačke zračne luke Pleso u zadnja dva dana se pretvorio u pravi olimpijski Eldorado. Utorak je tamo svečano dočekan zlatni strijelac iz Londona Giovanni Cernogoraz, a samo dan na kasnije na istom je mjestu takva čast ukazana Sandri Perković, koja je kući s Olimpijskih igara donijela jednako sjajnu plemenitu kovinu u bacanju diska.	hr
Sve je počelo s Arapskim proljećem – val bunta i prodemokratskih revolucija u kojima su mlađahni prosvjednici, od Tunisa, preko kairskog trga Tahrir u Egiptu, do Tripolija i Benghazija, svrgnuli nekoliko diktatora.	hr
Višednevnu manifestaciju je proglasio otvorenom predsjedavajući Vijeća ministara BiH Vjekoslav Bevanda, rekavši tom prigodom da se kulturi mora posvećivati veća pozornost jer je jako važan »resurs za jednu zajednicu«.Tijekom večeri održan je koncert klapskih pjesama posvećen djelu nedavno preminulog Ljube Stipišića Delmate.	hr
Harmonikašku uvertiru u glazbenu večer upriličio je Borut Zagoranski koji je izveo Piazzolin "Oblivion" u pratnji orkestra. Izvrsni slovenski harmonikaš ostvario je ponajbolju uvertiru za kompleksnu "Serenadu u c duru, opus 48" Petra Iljiča Čajkovskog za gudački orkestar pod vodstvom Denisa Modrušana. Solidna doza suverenosti i uvježbanosti orkestra još je jednom odala Modrušanove sposobnosti da ovlada i osposobi razne glazbene generacije ovog formalno obrazovano i međugradski podijeljenog orkestra.	hr
– Možete dakle popuštati do stanovite razine, a tada naravno središnje banke počnu misliti i o vlastitim bilancama. Rekao bih ono što bi Keynes rekao, a to je da trebate imati politiku investiranja, državnog investiranja. Država jednostavno mora sama potrošiti neki novac; ne možete se osloniti samo na monetarne poticaje i nadati se da će trošiti drugi, građani i privatni sektor.	hr
Prodajom ulaznica na predbožićnom humanitarnom koncertu Volim Istru u Poreču prikupljeno je 90 tisuća kuna koje će biti proslijeđene potrebitim obiteljima iz cijele Istre, objavili su na konferenciji za novinare biskup porečki i pulski mons. Ivan Milovan, ravnatelj Caritasa Željko Zec, članovi upravnog vijeća ove ustanove Marijo Žmak i Milan Milovan i tajnica Marica Milotić.	hr
"The Casual Vacancy", vjerojatno najočekivanija britanska knjiga godine, čiji naslov označava iznenada ispražnjeno mjesto u lokalnom vijeću, na policama knjižara naći će se 27. rujna. Radnja se, kako otkriva njezin novi izdavač nakladnička kuća Little, Brown odvija u malom tipično engleskom idiličnom mjestu Pagfordu.	hr
Kao drugi loš princip vlasti navela je onaj da svijet počinje s onima koji su došli na vlast, a da su oni bivši sve radili pogrešno. »Taj princip je kratkog i za ekonomiju štetnog daha«, poručila je Dalić vladajućima.	hr
Predstava žanrovski određena kao »komedija u tri dijela« zapravo je mješavina različitih žanrova, kojima se u svom romanu poigrava i Dubravka Ugrešić.	hr
Iz Ryanaira su najavili pet međunarodnih ruta iz Pule i to za London, Frankfurt, Bruxelles, Oslo i Pariz. Zrakoplovi za pariški Beauvais prometovat će dva puta tjedno od 16. svibnja u ljetnoj sezoni, s početnom cijenom od 30.99 eura, uključujući i aerodromske pristojbe. Rezervacije su dostupne već od četvrtka na www.ryanair.com.	hr
Slovenski pravni stručnjaci stoga poručuju da zbog činjenice da Slovenija u prosincu još neće imati vladu s punim ovlastima još uvijek ne bismo trebali izvlačiti zaključak da Pahorova tehnička vlada, koja je zadužena samo za obavljanje tekućih poslova, neće imati ovlasti potpisati hrvatski pristupni ugovor.	hr
Pripadnici Kfora na prijelazima su, navodi se, postavili rampe i bodljikavu žicu, čime je sjever Kosova odsječen od Srbije, a kosovski Srbi prijete blokadom svih puteva na sjeveru Kosova ukoliko Kfor pokuša pomoći kosovskoj policiji da zauzme prijelaze.	hr
Radi se o sigurnih tri do četiri sata razbibrige roditelja i prijatelja, a policija je detaljnim prikupljanjem podataka zaključila da je dijete bilo samo u zatvorenom automobilu pri najvećim vrućinama najmanje 45 minuta!	hr
Taj 27-godišnji stanovnik Kalifornije od 98 kila nije, međutim, potukao vlastiti rekord iz 2009. sa 68 progutanih hot dogova.	hr
Bicikl nije siguran ni u vlastitom dvorištu i stubištima zgrada stoga ga je potrebno ostavljati na mjestu gdje nije izložen pogledu javnosti te ga zaključati, kažu iz PU istarske.	hr
– Ne spominji Polančeca, s njim smo sad dobri, on nam je frend - presjekao ga je Zoran.	hr
Zanimljivo je kako je na primanju na kojem je Zedkaia odlučio proglasiti "kokainsku zonu" u svojoj državi bila prisutna i američka veleposlanica Martha Campbell, no odbila je bilo što reći novinarima i samo je napustila primanje. Medije je zanimalo i kako će Maršalsko Otočje nabavljati kokain, ali Zedkaia je odbio to pojasniti, samo im je kazao da će se "raditi o pravoj stvari, čistoj i nedirnutoj, najkvalitetnijoj koja postoji".	hr
Komentirajući činjenicu da BiH na proteklom summitu NATO-a u Chicagu nije dobila "zeleno svjetlo" za aktiviranje Akcijskog plana za članstvo (MAP) jer nije provela uknjižbu vojne imovine potrebne njenim oružanim snagama, Pusić je kazala kako je jasno da je to sa tehičkog stajališta kompliciran posao no bitno ga je započeti.	hr
U toj studiji je zaključeno da Amerikanci, čija se kultura većim dijelom oslanja na materijalizam, strah od smrti pokušavaju odagnati kupujući jer je to za njih potvrda postojanja odnosno simbol besmrtnosti.	hr
Sreću smo isprobali ponovno nakon dva sata, kada nas je župnik ipak pristao primiti. Iako je Ivanu Despotu koji je bezuspješno pokušao zaustaviti sječu stabala rečeno kako se i pilanje i proširenje konzerviranog groblja radi u skladu s odlukom splitskog provincijala fra Željka Tolića, gvardijan fra Ivan Omazić nam je, pak, potvrdio kako papire ni za jedno ni za drugo – nema.	hr
Danas u 17 sati održat će se radni satanak s temom opskrbe šireg dubrovačkog područja električnom energijom. Uz župana dubrovačko-neretvanskog Nikole Dobroslavića sastanku će nazočiti i predstavnici Hrvatske elektroprivrede (HEP) predvođeni predsjednikom Uprave Leom Begovićem, dubrovački gradonačelnik Andro Vlahušić te načelnici Konavala i Župe dubrovačke Luka Korda te Silvio Nardelli.	hr
MOSKVA Vladajuća Jedinstvena Rusija, stranka premijera Putina, »stranka je milijunaša«, prenosi u petak AFP pisanje ruskog dnevnika Vedomosti, koji je izračunao da 83 kandidata iz te stranke koji će se natjecati na prosinačkim parlamentarnim izborima zarađuju više od 10 milijuna rubalja na godinu (oko 1,75 milijuna kuna).	hr
Na kraju je, mimo zbilja svih očekivanja, vodio borbu sa Sergijom Perezom iz Saubera. Iako je dobivao naputke iz boksa da se smiri, da ne pomišlja na napadanje Alonsa, Perez je odvozio utrku života. Hrabro je 23-godišnji Meksikanac u drugom dijelu utrke "gazio" stazu i popeo se na postolje i ostvario uvjerljivo najbolji rezultat karijere.	hr
– Možda su dobili neko nasljedstvo, možda su od neto plaće od šest tisuća kuna mjesečno uspijevali uštedjeti deset tisuća kuna, ali ako su takvi sretnici ili ako su tako štedljivi morat će to objasniti u svojim poreznim upravama. Morat će precizno u izjavi o porijeklu sredstava za stjecanje imovine navesti koji su bili njihovi izvori za kupnju stana, zemljišta ili dionica.	hr
Većina komentara posvećena je i incidentu kapetana Chelsea Johna Terryja, koji je isključen u 37. minuti jer je koljenom udario s leđa napadača Barcelone Alexisa Sancheza.	hr
RIJEKA Inspektori Državnog inspektorata u Rijeci izrekli su direktoru Adriatic Gate Container Terminala Antoniu Passaru kaznu od 30 tisuća kuna zbog – rada bez radne dozvole. Prema dostupnim informacijama nizozemski državljanin Passaro kažnjen je jer su inspektori rada utvrdili da je s obavljanjem radnih dužnosti na Brajdici započeo prije nego mu je izdana dozvola za rad u Republici Hrvatskoj.	hr
- Zakon je suvremen, tehnički i terminološki je potpuno usklađen. Ono što je važno jeste da racionalizira broj propisa, usklađen s direktivama EU, te smanjuje troškove provođenja zaštite na radu. Ovaj zakon, također, osnažuje interni nadzor i unutarnju kontrolu. kazao je Mrsić.	hr
Podsjećamo, Barca je u finalu na Vicente Calderonu s 3-0 savladala Athletic Bilbao.	hr
HGSS-ovci su uskoro uz pomoć pasa i članova njegove obitelji koji su ih pozvali u pomoć locirali izgubljenog muškarca i izvukli ga iz teško prohodnog gustiša u koji je zapao.	hr
Upitan je tada portugalski stručnjak o protivnicima u četvrtfinalu?	hr
S druge strane, vino je svježe, djelomično tanično, ukusno, ali i ugodno slano, punoga tijela. Uravnoteženo je izražene intenzivnosti, trajno u ustima i lijepo se pije te ima finu kakvoću, spremno je za konzumaciju i harmonično.	hr
Naime, na YouTubeu su u cijelosti objavili stream novog albuma ali puštenog preko razglasa praznog Madison Square Gardena, doma New York Knicksa. Osim povremenog pojavljivanja osobe u odijelu gorile i prolaska čistača dvoranom, glavni "akter" ovog videa je crni kazetar postavljen na sredinu košarkaškog terena u koji su usmjereni mikrofoni.	hr
Milan Perić: Iako tvrdite da Grad ima prioritete za financiranje i to vjerojatno mislite na ekskluzivne događaje, nema malih i velikih. Ne mislim da je ijedan projekt poput Dubrovnik film festivala ili teniskog meča McEnroe – Ivanišević išao nauštrb drugih događaja. Nama je cilj stvarati raznovrsne projekte tijekom cijele godine.	hr
Gosti su poravnali u 47. minuti, ali Slaven se nije predavao, ponovno je poveo 69., ali nije bilo snage i koncentracije da se postigne treći pogodak i iznude produžeci.	hr
„Ako Grčka nije razlog zbog kojeg prodajemo eure, onda je to Španjolska. Ulagači očekuju nove loše vijesti i zabrinuti su, jer se čini da rješenja nema na vidiku“, kazao je Lutz Karpowitz, valutni analitičar u Commerzbanku.	hr
– Uprava nema komentare na bilo kakve i bilo čije letke pa tako ni letke Sindikata. LRH u usporedbi s prošlom godinom posluje puno bolje, podiže kvalitetu, počinje s investicijskim ciklusom već od ove zime, komunicira sa svojim radnicima i nagrađuje iste – stoji u odgovoru odjela za odnose s javnošću LRH.	hr
Vrijeme će pokazati čeka li Ashtona Kutchera ista sudbina kao i sada već bivšeg supruga hollywwodske glumice Sandre Bullock, Jessea Jamesa.	hr
Festivalsku je publiku pozdravio i motovunski načelnik Slobodan Vugrinec, dok je ravanatelj festivala Igor Mirković najavio nezaboravnih 5 motovunskih dana i noći, kao i film 'Blue Valentine' Dereka Cienfrancea, a čijom je projekcijom i zaključena svečanost otvorenja.	hr
"Ti su napadi početak proljetne ofenzive koju planiramo već mjesecima", kazao je Reutersu talibanski glasnogovornik Zabihula Mudžahid. On je dodao da u napadima, koji su počeli prije tri sata, sudjeluju deseci talibanskih boraca, naoružani teškim i lakim oružjem, a neki su i opasani eksplozivom.	hr
Vlasnik Chelsea FC, Rus Roman Abramovič je 3. na popisu s 9,5 miljardi funti.	hr
Zbog svojih je stavova Hrabar često bila oštro kritizirana.	hr
Jedinstvo Omladinac je s 2:1 pobijedio Orijent na Krimeji. Domaći igrač Jergović autogolom je doveo Nedešćane u vodstvo, a nakon izjednačenja Riječana konačni rezultat postavio je Pajković deset minuta prije kraja susreta. Dva pogotka, ali bez ijednog primljenog postigli su igrači Rovinja na gostovanju u Vrbovcu. Oba pogotka djelo su Agrona Barlecaja u 38. i 44. minuti.	hr
U prekidu su trajektne linije Brestova - Porozina, Valbiska - Merag, Valbiska - Lopar, Jablanac - Mišnjak, Prizna - Žigljen, Trogir - Drvenik Veli - Drvenik Mali, Sumartin - Makarska, Drvenik - Sućuraj, Split - Supetar, Split - Vis i Split - Stari Grad. Na splitskom području u prekidu su sve katamaranske linije, izvijestio je HAK.	hr
Poslovnica je ispražnjena, oko ulaza je postavljena policijska traka te je osigurano okolno područje. Nakon temeljitog pregleda prostorija djelatnici protueksplozijskog odjela policije utvrdili su da je dojava bila lažna. Poslovnica je ponovno počela s radom oko 11 sati.	hr
HT je u svom financijskom izvješću za devet mjeseci ove godine, objavljenom krajem prošlog tjedna, naveo da su od AZTN-a 21. rujna ove godine primili odluku o službenom pokretanju postupka kojim će AZTN ispitati postoji li dogovor između tri operatora i predstavlja li on kao takav zajedničko djelovanje koje je zabranjeno člankom 8. Zakona o zaštiti tržišnog natjecanja.	hr
Međimurske osnovne i srednje škole u ponedjeljak su ponovno otvorile svoja vrata. Počela je naime nova školska godina u kojoj je ukupno u naše osnovne škole upisano 10.411, a u srednje 4.263 učenika. U odnosu na godinu dana ranije osnovnoškolaca je više, a srednjoškolaca neznatno manje.	hr
Javna vatrogasna postrojba Pula u utorak tijekom ranih jutarnjih sati imala je tek nekoliko manjih intervencija zbog poplavljenih podruma, od toga dvije u Medulinu.	hr
...Da bi Hrvatska postala dobra destinacija trebalo bi investirati mnogo sredstava u objekte jer su svi dosta stari, a potrebno je ulagati i u obrazovanje kadrova. Usluga u Hrvatskoj još nije na razini, primjerice, one u Španjolskoj ili Maroku. Ovdašnji ljudi još ne razumiju da je turizam toliko važan da se treba ponašati prema turistima kao da su došli u njihovu kuću. (P. GREGOROVIĆ)	hr
Dangi koji teži 12 kilograma nedavno je izjavio da mu je ovo "priznanje" u neku ruku kompenzacija za godine patnje. Ostao je siroče u 12. godini, a tada su ga k sebi uzeli neki članovi šire obitelji, pokazivali ga na sajmovima i uzimali sav novac.	hr
Obama je u Afganistanu proveo oko šest sati. Došao je iznenada i u tajnosti, pod okriljem mraka i na godišnjicu ubojstva vođe al-Kaide Osame bin Ladena.	hr
Rekao je da ima još stotine boraca spremnih na žrtvu u borbi protiv ruskog režima i najavivši još »agresivnije i dublje napade« izrazio nadu da će neće morati proliti puno ruske krvi prije nego li oni napuste Kavkaz.	hr
- Igram nagradne igre od kraja rata i svake godine u prosjeku odem na dva putovanja.	hr
Također, kako je tijekom utakmice čak šest hrvatskih igrača opomenuto žutim kartonom, pokrenut je i disciplinski postupak zbog neprimjerenog ponašanja momčadi.	hr
Podsjeća da je bivša gradska uprava da bi se izbjeglo ovakvo reklamiranje donijela odluku o postavljanju strata na zidove gradskih ulica na kojima piše koje se trgovine i restorani nalaze u pojedinoj ulici. Neki očito ne poštuju gradske odluke, pa bi komunalni redari koji svakodnevno šetaju gradskim ulicama, a očito ne vide baš najbolje, ovog ugostitelja trebali kazniti zbog reklamiranja.	hr
EXTRA: Za doček Nove godine trebali ste nastupati u Sarajevu. Zašto je to propalo?	hr
Inače, Grad Dubrovnik je prvi, trenutno i jedini u Republici Hrvatskoj koji je pokrenuo provođenje Mensa NTC programa. dv	hr
A budući da je taj književni predsjednik, taj Dubravko Horvatić, znao predlagati da se živuće pisce, koje je u svojim egzaltiranim stanjima proglašavao veleizdajnicima, izvede pred streljački stroj, malo je nedostajalo da taj svoj prijeki sud primijeni i na pokojnike koji su »djelovali protiv vlastitoga naroda«.	hr
VIVA LA POLA 10. I 11. KOLOVOZA	hr
"Divljač je bila hrana čovjekova puno prije kruha, a danas je ima sve manje u našim pjatima, pa smo zato pokrenuli ovu manifestaciju kako bismo obnovili interes za jelima od divljači u istarskom ugostiteljstvu", istaknuo je Orlić nakanu organizatora.	hr
Agrokor i Atlantic Grupa su 2003. godine bile dio konzorcija hrvatskih kompanija i RTL Grupe koji je osvojio koncesiju za treću nacionalnu televizijsku mrežu. Cilj konzorcija bio je da, u suradnji s jednom od najvećih europskih medijskih kompanija koja ima značajno iskustvo i znanje u medijskom biznisu, generiraju modernu konkurenciju i pridonesu novoj kvaliteti u hrvatskom medijskom prostoru, a što je RTL postigao sistematičnim postavljanjem trendova i vodećom pozicijom.	hr
Protiv 24-godišnjeg vozača slijedi kaznena prijava za ovu prometnu nesreću.	hr
Pripadnici Generacije Y jedina su generacijska skupina u kojoj je puno vjerojatnije da većina pripadnika posjeduje laptop umjesto stolnog računala. Prema podacima Istraživačkog centra Pew, 70 mladih Amerikanaca ima laptop, dok tek 57 posto stolni kompjutor. Istovremeno, 64 posto ljudi između 57 i 65 posto ima kućni kompjutor, dok 43 posto posjeduje laptop.	hr
Privatne europske banke i osiguravatelji pristali su otpisati 107 milijardi eura od ukupno 200 milijardi eura grčkih obveznica u njihovu posjedu, od čega je golemi dio u rukama grčkih banaka, a od vodećih europskih banaka prednjače francuski BNP Paribas, njemački Commerzbank i belgijska Dexia. Navedene podatke dostavile su same institucije i odnose se na stanje krajem rujna 2011., osim u slučajevima gdje je drugačije navedeno.	hr
Niti u jednoj od osam ocijenjenih zemalja pravni okvir nije u potpunosti usklađen sa svim zahtjevima, ističu u ECB-u.	hr
Završio je Zapovjedno stožernu školu „Blago Zadro“, Ratnu školu „Ban Josip Jelačić“, te US Army Command and General staff College Forth Leavenworth u SAD-u, a 2005. i 2006. godine sudjelovao je u mirovnoj misiji UN-a u Obali Bjelokosti.	hr
Europska elita svoj godišnji odmor sigurno ne planira u Hrvatskoj, na Jadranu. No, neki od tih rijetkih bogataša ipak se odlučuju za ljetovanje na našoj obali. Jedna, i zasad jedina, destinacija tog elitnog turizma je Veli Brijun sa svoja tri hotela - Istra, Neptun i Karmen - te tri od pet vila koje se iznajmljuju.	hr
OPATIJA Kolovoz je na Kvarneru donio 3 posto više gostiju nego lani te 4 posto više turističkih noćenja.	hr
- Istegnuo sam aduktor zbog čega sam tjedan dana bio izvan treninga, a sad radim odvojeno s trenerom Peršićem da bih se ravnopravno priključio suigračima na treninzima tijekom ovog posljednjeg tjedna uoči početka prvenstva. Imali smo vrlo naporne treninge ovdje na Rogli, posebno prvog tjedna, a sad se više pažnje pridaje taktici, rekao je Ottochian.	hr
Želja je ostala ista: dogodine opet sve ispočetka!	hr
Potrebna mu je djelotvorna državna vlast koja će mijenjati procese u zemlji, a neće samo grepsti po površini, baviti se samo protokolom, tekućim poslovima i puštati da se ekonomsko propadanje nastavlja. U tom pogledu, ova je Vlada potpuno zakazala.	hr
Sanchez je nakon 208 kilometara vožnje od Issoirea do St. Floura imao najviše snage i na završnom usponu je slavio ispred Francuza Thomasa Voecklera i Sandyja Casara.	hr
"To bi moglo zamijeniti vašu kreditnu karticu", rekao je optimistično Schmidt. Prema procjenama iz Googlea, tehnologija će biti primjenjiva na različitim prodajnim mjestima.	hr
Tijekom odnosa povećava se razina ženskog hormona estrogena koji ima blagotvoran učinak na srce.	hr
Svoj dolazak potvrdili su klubovi VK "MARINA KAŠTELA" iz Kaštela, VK "GUSAR" iz Splita, VK "MORNAR" iz Splita, VK "BIOKOVO" iz Makarske, VK "NERETVANSKI GUSAR" iz Metkovića, VK " NEPTUN" iz Dubrovnika, VK "JELSA" iz Jelse i VK "OŠJAK" iz Vele Luke	hr
Jedini zamjenik načelnika u Istri koji nije dostavio imovinsku karticu je Giulio Palaziol, zamjenik načelnika Bala, kojeg nismo uspjeli kontaktirati.	hr
Dosadašnja zabrana zahvaćala je čak 10.000 pilota, a ukinuta je na traženje sindikata koji predstavlja vlasnike zrakoplova, pilote i posade.	hr
Sudsko vijeće pulskog Županijskog suda, kojim je predsjedala sutkinja Gabrijela Marčeta, nepravomoćno je osudilo Luku Bošnjaka (49) iz Vinkovaca na godinu i osam mjeseci zatvora zbog pokušaja razbojstva u kiosku Tiska u Creskoj ulici u pulskom naselju Veli Vrh. U kaznu će mu se uračunati vrijeme od kada je lišen slobode, odnosno koje je proveo u pritvoru.	hr
– Mislim da je ideja zanimljiva i da bi mogla podići kvalitetu rada u državnoj upravi – kratko je kazao Josipović.	hr
Tom prilikom, ravnatelj Opće bolnice Branko Bazdan zahvalio se Goranu i Johnu na humanitarnoj akciji te naglasio kako će donirani iznos utrošiti u obnovu kupaonica, krova i vanjske aluminijske stijenke na Odjelu za pedijatriju. Točan iznos donacije bit će objavljen u sljedećih trideset dana nakon što pristignu sve uplate.	hr
Njih su na rivi, u okolnim ulicama i trgovima zabavljali glazbenici različitih stilova na četvrtoj manifestaciji „Zvizde, sviće i ferali“.	hr
U Istri se od četvrtka do subote održava 1. Rally Istra zbog čega će neke prometnice biti zatvorene, doznajemo od organizatora Auto kluba Matulji Racing.	hr
Predgrupa Noli u Tvornici je zagrebački Gin Cooler, a ovaj ljubavni i energični rock doživljaj započinje u 21 sat. Cijena ulaznice je 40 kn u pretprodaji na svim prodajnim mjestima osim u Istarskom klubu u Zagrebu gdje uz X-icu studenti mogu kupiti ulaznicu za samo 30 kn. Cijena ulaznice na dan koncerta na blagajni Tvornice bit će 50 kn, a uz X-icu, 40 kn.	hr
U pismu datiranom s 2. srpnja, Benedikt XVI. podsjeća da je svojem pomoćniku već iskazao povjerenje u pismu od 15. siječnja 2010. i da se otad »ništa nije promijenilo«.	hr
Od anketiranih koji će izaći na izbore, najveću podršku dobila je Nikolićeva izborna lista SNS »Pokrenimo Srbiju« s 27 posto glasova, slijedi koalicija »Izbor za bolji život - Boris Tadić« s 24 postotka potpore. Sadašnja matematika veli da za ulazak u parlament neće morati brinuti ni Socijalistička partija Srbije i Liberalno-demokratska partija.	hr
Voće i povrće puno je jeftinije od mesa. Umjesto ogromnih količina masne hrane, radije kupujte zdrave proizvode. Variva i juhe također su puno isplativiji. Ukoliko ne možete bez mesa, jedite ga povremeno.	hr
23.00 – Predavanje: Ruđer Bošković i dubrovačko pomorstvo	hr
Iz njih se vidi da je razvod postao služben 27. srpnja. Razveli su se zbog "nepomirljivih razlika". Penn, dvostruki dobitnik Oscara, i Wright dogovorili su zajedničko skrbništvo nad sinom Hopperom.	hr
Podsjetimo, nekoliko dana prije Uskrsa pjevačica se je opet pokušala ubiti. Da si je opet odlučila oduzeti život, dalo se naslutiti kada se šetajući centrom Kragujevca s dečkom Nenadom Jovanovićem iznenada onesvijestila, a takvo stanje uzrokovala je prevelika doza antidepresiva koje je predhodno popila na svoju ruku. Ovaj put nije završila u bolnici već ju je Jovanović odveo k sebi, a u njegovom domu par je proveo i blagdane.	hr
Tipična za prve sokolske sletove jest ideja samoorganizacije, svojevrsnog umrežavanja i susreta istomišljenika radi promoviranja tjelesne kulture, slobode i jednakosti, a neovisno o društvenoj, klasnoj, nacionalnoj, rodnoj i političkoj pripadnosti. "Sletu 080311" cilj je bio spojiti ženske autore u kreativnu masu sastavljenu od mnogobrojnih umjetničkih segmenata, fluidno, višeglasno i raznoliko umjetničko tijelo koje donekle reflektira pluralizam i mnogostrukost žena današnjice.	hr
Komadina je po broju glasova, 1458, bio treći od svih kandidata za predsjedništvo. Više glasova od njega dobili su samo ministar zdravlja Rajko Ostojić 1532 i predsjednik zagrebačkog SDP-a Davor Bernardić 1482. Željko Jovanović bio je 12. sa 999 glasova.	hr
Drugačiju verziju subote u kojoj vas neće tako lako prepoznati i još ćete uspijeti ispoljiti vlastitu kreativnost, kako na sebi tako i na prijateljima, omogućuje vam će vam caffe bar „Art“. „Art“ je lokacija koju ne smijete propustiti jer ovu subotu organizira poznatu „Maškaratu“. Rokeri i svi željni kvalitetne svirke uživo, doći će na svoje u „Casablanci“.	hr
Mario Monti se je itekako određenim riječima osvrnuo na »calcioscommesse«, po oštini mu ne bi pozavidio niti hrvatski ministar sporta , Riječanin Željko Jovanović.	hr
- Nastavit ću s aktivnostima Hrvatskog sommelierskog kluba, koji je osnovan 1994. godine. Gospodin Ostojić je u prethodna dva mandata doveo klub na jednu razinu, a ja ću nastaviti u tom smjeru. Nastavit ćemo s edukacijom članova i radionicama.	hr
Istaknuto je da mnogo dobivenih informacija govori o tome da je riječ o ozbiljnom krijmčarskom kanalu, kojim se droga iz Albanije dopremu u Sloveniju i Italiju.	hr
U intervenciji policije i specijalnih postrojbi Jašarević je neutraliziran hicem iz snajpera i s nastrijelnom ranom natkoljenice prevezen u bolnicu.	hr
Postoje jaki lokalni animoziteti, teško da bi Zadar pristao da se njime upravlja iz Splita.	hr
Situacija se mijenja slijedeći tjedan, u srijedu 03.06. Tada će se grupa ljudi ili jedan igrački par razveseliti svojem ''čudu''. Puno novca dobiti će država, grupa mladih ali i jedan stariji muškarac. Za mnoge od nas iluzije i snovi ostati će iza nas, kao mjehurići od sapunice kada izađemo iz kade.	hr
Pročelnica Grada Rovinja Martina Čekić Hek predstavila je projekt južne gradske luke. Iz fonda projekta koji Rovinj je do sada dobio 186 tisuće eura. Ta će sredstva poslužiti za izradu detaljnog urbanističkog plana južne gradska luke, u kojoj se planiraju graditi novi lukobrani, povećati kapacitet vezova i urediti šetnica uz rivu. Nakon pripreme aplikacije Grada će zatražiti i sredstva za ove investicije.	hr
Antipušački lobi je zapravo zločinačka organizacija koja će silnu lovu oteti industriji cigareta i uložiti je u dilanje ljekovitih droga. O, jebote, jebote! Ima li svjetla na kraju tunela? Da li mi smrtnici uopće imamo Dobroga Duha koji o nama brine ili se samo moćni lobiji svih mogućih profila trude odrati nam kožu?	hr
A Jadranka Kosor hvališe se završenim pregovorima. Referendumom se nitko ozbiljno ne bavi; svi kao da uspjeh uzimaju zdravo za gotovo. Predsjednik Josipović izjavljuje da očekuje sedamdeset posto glasova »za«. Opozicija također šuti; društvom vlada nedomišljena i naivna euroindiferentnost.	hr
Suprotno uvriježenom mišljenju, moždani udar nije više samo bolest koja pogađa stariju populaciju. U posljednjih 20-tak godina sve češće se javlja i kod osoba mlađih od 45 godina. Ovu tešku neurološku bolest prati najveći stupanj invaliditeta: čak 20 do 30 posto pacijenata koji prežive moždani udar više nije sposobno za samostalan život.	hr
U brodogradilištu Tehnomont u Puli svečano je porinut katamaran "Millenium Diamond" koji se gradi za engleskog naručitelja City Cruises iz Londona. Nije to bilo klasično porinuće kakvo viđamo u Uljaniku, već polaganje broda u more pomoću ogromne pokretne dizalice.	hr
Prije nego što konzumirate alkohol, pojedite nešto, nemojte nikako na prazan želudac piti. I unatoč pomanjkanju apetita, sljedeće jutro doručkujte, kako bi vam se šećer vratio u normalu.	hr
„s obzirom da većina posade na brodu spada pod vizni režim (u prosjeku 800 članova), brodar je primoran prilikom gotovo svakog dolaska u Hrvatsku snositi velike troškove (oko 13.000 eura) samo da bi omogućio posadi da obavlja posao. Uredbom se također onemogućuje posadi da posjete hrvatsku obalu, muzeje, restorane, shopping centre...“, kažu o ovom problemu pomorski agenti u dopisu na spomenute adrese.	hr
U pismu Hrvatskoj upućenom u utorak Karadžić navodi kako još nije dobio nikakav odgovor, te bi bio zahvalan da on stigne do 11. lipnja.	hr
Proizvođač također namjerava opremiti svoje buduće modele klima uređajem koji ispušta zrak obogaćem vitaminom C kako bi hidratizirao kožu, te sustavom za pročišćenje unutrašnje atmosfere, s negativnim ionima, koje je zamislila japanska elektronička tvrtka Sharp.	hr
Hrvatska je na SP-u ostvarila sedam pobjeda i samo jedan poraz, izgubila je od Australije u polufinalu. Španjolsku je dobila dva puta. U skupini sa 73:68. Zlato je pripalo SAD-u, srebro Australiji. U finalu SAD - Australija 95:62.	hr
Dubrovačko visoko školstvo temelji se upravo na Višoj pomorskoj školi osnovanoj prije 50 godina. Ona je kadrovski, ali i svojom imovinom izgradila čvrste temelje onoga što mi danas imamo u Dubrovniku – Sveučilište, otvoreno akademske 2004./2005. godine pri kojemu djeluje i Pomorski odjel.	hr
Haix, Centrometal i Šestan-Busch ovogodišnji su dobitnici nagrade zlatne plakete Gospodarske komore za najuspješnijeg velikog, srednjeg i malog poduzetnika prema ostvarenim rezultatima poslovanja u prošloj godini. Nagrade dobitnicima dodijeljene su u petak, 28. listopada u hotelu Park u Čakovcu, a uručio im je Rajko Šarić, predsjednik Županijske gospodarske komore.	hr
Olujom je, naime, konačno zaustavljen velikosrpski ratni stroj u Hrvatskoj i BiH, gdje je Gotovina porazio Mladićeve i Karadžićeve snage i stigao pred Banja Luku.	hr
Također su pokušali provaliti u točionicu vinu, a utvrđeno je da su dvojica prijavljenih maloljetnika počinitelji i oštećenja vrata na hotelu u Korčuli.	hr
Na mjesto nesreće izašli su i pulski vatrogasci, no njihova intervencija nije bila potrebna jer je vozač sam izašao iz vozila. Protiv vozača slijedi podnošenje optužnog prijedloga zbog počinjenih prometnih prekršaja.	hr
Nakon dvadesetak minuta izlaganja Zdravka Mamića u press dvoranu na stadionu Maksimir upala su petorica članova Bad Blue Boysa, predvođenih predsjednikom »Udruge navijača Dinama« Danijelom Hrnjakom. Prvi operativac Modrih u tom je trenutku objašnjavao da klub ne troši novac poreznih obveznika.	hr
U sklopu XII. Dana matice hrvatske u Mostaru, ansambl Dubrovačkih ljetnih igara i Hrvatskog narodnog kazališta iz Zagreba 12. svibnja će odigrati Shakespearovog "Hamleta" u domu herceg Stjepana Kosače.	hr
Županijska Turistička zajednica u 2010. za promotivne i marketinške aktivnosti te razvoj turističkih proizvoda namjerava potrošiti 27,3 milijuna kuna. Time je godišnji proračun u kojemu, uz županijski TZ, participiraju i lokalne te nacionalna turistička zajednica i hotelske kompanije za sljedeću godinu u odnosu na 2009. veći za jedan posto.	hr
-Ovim putem želim čestitati Snježani Matoš na dodijeljenoj titule, ali ujedno i zahvaliti ljudima iz Hrvatske manjinske samouprave Murskih Križevaca koji su prepoznali njezin rad i doprinos razvitku hrvatske manjinske kulture u Mađarskoj.	hr
U PU istarskoj kažu da intenzivno tragaju za prevaranticom i ujedno upozoravaju građane da ne nasjedaju na slične priče.	hr
Očekuje se da će joj se na izborima suprostaviti zastupnik najveće oporbene stranke RCU Ricardo Alfonsin, sin bivšeg predsjednika Raula Alfonsina. Po anketama, Fernandez Kirchner zasad je u prednosti.	hr
RIJEKA – Riječki gradonačelnik Vojko Obersnel danas je na kolegiju najavio da će biti raspisan natječaj za koncesiju za gospodarsko korištenje bivšeg Titova broda „Galeba“ na rok od 20 godina.	hr
Ova Vlada nema alternativu u ovoj zemlji, rekao je Jakovčić.	hr
Redatelj Dinko Mustafić se također prvi put predstavlja u Umagu s predstavom "Od blizu" Patricka Marbera u produkciji Slovenskog narodnog gledališča. Zlatni lav zatvaramo predstavom "Kvetch" Stevena Berkoffa u režiji Dražena Ferenčine. Radi se o koprodukciji dva gradska kazališta - Kazališta Virovitica i Gradskog dramskog kazališta Gavella. Ovogodišnji žiri festivala sačinjavaju: Mani Gotovac, Sibila Petlevski i Miran Hajoš, kazao je Zlatar Frey.	hr
Inače, uoči EURA Balotelli je izjavio da će ubiti onoga tko mu bude bacio bananu.	hr
U nogometu uživa i dr. Furio Radin, zastupnik talijanske manjine i predsjednik saborskog Odbora za ljudska prava. "Pratim europsko prvenstvo, gledao sam većinu utakmica i neke su bile vrlo lijepe", kaže Radin i dodaje: "Smetaju mi nasilje i ksenofobija, kojih ima mnogo, o kojima mediji premalo govore a mogli bi eskalirati."	hr
U našim financijama događa se pozitivan potez centralne banke. Biti će i oduzimanja imovine te isto tako i rušenja nekih nezakonito izgrađenih objekata. U vladajućoj stranci su izgledni problemi s mladeži i s medijima. Premijerka Kosor usprkos problemima još učvršćuje svoju poziciju i vraća malo poljuljani ugled. Čini se da će se odlučiti konačno za ženu suradnicu ili je predložiti za ministricu. Eh, to bi joj bio potez karijere!	hr
Prema prvim procjenama, uklanjanje broda počet će tek u proljeće. Najvjerojatnije će se brod odstraniti u komadima jer je mala vjerojatnost da će ga se pokušati spasiti i opet osposobiti za plovidbu.	hr
"Čišćenje snijega i ostale intervencije koštaju nas 170, a uklanjanje srušenih stabala 60 tisuća kuna. Imali smo, između ostalog, veliko čišćenje školskog dvorišta u Banjolama tijekom zimskih praznika i intervencije na Premanturskoj cesti jer je bila u opasnosti zbog slomljenih borova. Bit će još posla jer borovih šuma ima od Medulina do Kamenjaka i u kratkom periodu nije moguće sanirati sve štete", kaže medulinski načelnik Goran Buić.	hr
Prije parlamentarnih izbora nužno bi bilo promijeniti i Zakon o izbornim jedinicama. Taj zakon propisuje da razlika u broju birača između najveće i najmanje izborne jedinice ne smije biti veća od deset posto, a već na prošlim izborima ta je razlika bila nadmašena. Riječ je o iznimno važnom zakonu jer se krojenjem izbornih jedinica može utjecati na rezultat izbora.	hr
Usvajanje navedene inicijative stvorio bi i do 20 puta veće troškove za uvoznike stavljajući ih u potpuno nepovoljan i diskriminirajući položaj, a bez posebnih utjecaja na državni proračun Republike Srbije.	hr
Dakle, hrvatski građanin pokorno živi ekonomsku pasiju koja je trenutno u modi, nadajući se da je vlada u pravu kada vjeruje u onaj stari Smithov ekonomski moto prema kojem je štednja vrlina pa treba prvo patiti i odricati se da bi nam jednog dana u budućnosti bilo bolje.	hr
Također, dogovorena je i buduća suradnja organizatora i partnera prema uspostavi Standarda i kategorizaciji agroturizma Konavala, čime će ovo područje i njegova ponuda dodatno dobiti na vrijednosti. dv	hr
Akciju, kojoj je središnji događaj podnevna utrka oko jarunskog jezera u dužini od 6.500 metara, organiziraju Tvrtka Novo Nordisk Hrvatska i gradski uredi za zdravstvo i branitelje te za obrazovanje, kulturu i šport. Za pobjednike u pojedinim kategorijama najavljene su bogate novčane nagrade koje se kreću od 500 do 4.000 kuna.	hr
Sindikati ističu da bi daljnji pregovori po prvi put kolektivne ugovore uveli u Castrum, Monte Ghiro i Pula parking, gdje je na snazi Pravilnik o radu. Za usporedbu ističu Zagrebački Holding koji uz Temeljni kolektivni ugovor ima i 22 pojedinačna kolektivna ugovora trgovačkih društava koja su obuhvaćena u Holding.	hr
U ponedjeljak je sa sjeverne i južne strane stadiona "Aldo Drosina" uz Marsovo polje počela naplata parkiranja.	hr
Oko tisuću izaslanika okupilo se u subotu na zasjedanju pet različitih povjerenstava koja su poduprla Castrov plan smanjivanja uloge države u zapošljavanju, ukidanje mjesečne podjele hrane, poticanja privatnih poduzetničkih inicijativa i ostalih mjera koje bi trebale povećati produktivnost, istovremeno zadržavajući centralno planiranje.	hr
"Majčin identitet ostat će zauvijek nepoznat, a ja ću isključivo samostalno skrbiti o djetetu", napisao je.	hr
Održavanje natjecanja i koncertnog programa pulskom su OKUD-u Istra omogućili Ministarstvo kulture, Istarska županija, Grad Pula i pulska Turistička zajednica. U konačnom poretku orkestara A kategorije, prema posljednjim rezultatima, prvu nagradu primio je Harmonikaški orkestar porečke Osnovne glazbene škole Slavka Zlatića.	hr
Prema jučer objavljenoj, prvoj procjeni Državnog zavoda za statistiku o prometu u trgovini na malo, nominalni je pad u travnju, na godišnjoj razini, iznosio 4,4, a realni čak 7,3 posto, što je daleko veći pad od oko dva posto, koliko su predviđali ekonomisti	hr
U jednom ste intervjuu dobro uočili da je problem što se društveno dno proteže do samog društvenog vrha naše zajednice i tu nastaje apsurd i pitanje jesu li dno ljudi koji krše zakon iz puke nužde ili dobro potkoženi ugledni političari, liječnici i poduzetnici koji svjesno krše zakone radi zadovoljavanja vlastitih primitivnih nagona.	hr
Sinoć oko osam i pol sati ispred dubrovačke robne kuće Minčeta dogodila se prometna nesreća. Do nesreće je došlo kada je 29-godišnji talijanski državljanin upravljajući Toyotom Yaris, pokušavajući skrenuti ulijevo oduzeo prednost prolaska motoristi koji je upravljao Yamahom dubrovačkih reg. oznaka. Policija je obavila očevid u kojem je utvrđeno da je talijan kriv za prometnu nesreću te će protiv njega biti podnesene odgovarajuće prijave.	hr
Direktor turnira Vanja Božičković iznimno je zadovoljan povratkom prošlogodišnjih finalista u Umag jer je riječ o igračima koji spadaju u sam vrh svjetskog tenisa.	hr
Osumnjičeni 27-godišnjak je jučer, 20.srpnja, uz kaznenu prijavu doveden u Istražni centar Županijskog suda u Dubrovniku, navodi se u policijskom izvješću koje potpisuje glasnogovornica Marija Gjenero. dv	hr
- Prvo i osnovno pravilo je ne ostavljati otpatke od hrane naokolo. Miševe i štakore upravo takvi otpaci privlače, što može biti potencijalno opasno ukoliko se, primjerice, više dana kampira negdje u prirodi. Tada, na primjer, štakor može biti privučen hranom i na tom mjestu se pomokriti na neki predmet kojim se koristimo, istaknula je Skopljak.	hr
Europska nogometna federacija (UEFA) njemačkim je navijačima za tri utakmice u grupnoj fazi natjecanja u Lvivu (protiv Portugala, 9. lipnja), u Harkivu (protiv Nizozemske, 13. lipnja) i u Lvivu (protiv Danske, 17. lipnja) na raspolaganje stavila po 6.000 ulaznica za svaki meč.	hr
Jorgen Benone, koji je preživio napad, rekao je da je vidio ljude dok je napadač na njih pucao. "Pokušao sam sjediti i biti što tiši. Skrivao sam se iza kamenja. Vidio sam ga jednom na udaljenosti od svega 20 do 30 metara", kazao je Benone, dodavši da se bojao za vlastiti život i da je mislio na svoje bližnje.	hr
Malo nakon kraja prosvjeda policija je Ivana Pernara i uhitila. Nije "ljudima u plavom" bilo problematično čudno ekonomsko učenje Pernara, već je uhićen jer je prekršio zabranu pristupa Trgu bana Jelačića i Gornjem gradu, izrečenu nakon što se prije dva tjedna bacio na policijske barikade. Sada ga očekuje rigorozna novčana kazna, a čak niti kraći boravak u zatvoru nije isključen.	hr
Na pojedinim graničnim prijelazima na snazi je zabrana prometovanja za kamione s prikolicama i tegljače s poluprikolicama.	hr
Treba li Divlju ligu shvatiti kao dobru ljetnu zabavu ili se za nju ozbiljno pripremati?	hr
New York je u četvrtak poharala oluja brzinom koja je dosezala i do 160 kilometara na sat koja je rušila sve pred sobom. Snažan vjetar rušio je drveće i kidao žice električne energije te rušio krovove kuća. Zbog stabala po cesti, promet je na više prometnica bio potpuno zaustavljen što je izazvalo potpuni kolaps u 19-milijunskom gradu. Najmanje jedna osoba poginula je u nevremenu.	hr
Sony Ericsson je priopćio da je u trećem ovogodišnjem tromjesečju isporučio 10,4 milijuna telefona, pet posto manje nego u tromjesečju ranije, te 26 posto manje nego u istome razdoblju 2009.	hr
Nastupom Christiana McBridea u Hotelu "Eden" u Rovinju u petak počet će ovogodišnji Avantgarde Jazz festival. Eklektičan glazbenik, kontrabasist, bas gitarist, skladatelj, glazbeni pedagog i producent, dobitnik niza priznanja i nagrada, između ostalih i Grammyja, McBride u Hrvatsku dolazi u trenutku najvećeg uspona u karijeri.	hr
Tijekom spolnog odnosa moguće je izgubiti otprilike 150 kalorija, a s obzirom da u trenutku doživljavanja orgazma dolazi do kontrakcije mišića, ovo je jedan od najidealnijih načina za učvrščivanje tijela.	hr
– Dugo sam u inozemstvu, najprije kao igrač, u »Genku«, pa trener u Sloveniji, 17 godina Bliskog istoka. Bilo je vrijeme za povratak. Nostalgija. Sve mi više nedostaju Rijeka i Opatija, prijatelji, obitelj... Vjerujem da će to biti na duže razdoblje, zbog toga sam se i vratio. Uskoro će mi 58 godina.	hr
Gradonačelnik Andro Vlahušić i suradnici sastali su se danas na budućem gradilištu s projektantima, izvođačima i nadzorom radova na uređenju sportsko-rekreacijskog parka na Montovjerni. Radovi će početi idući tjedan uz dozvolu za izvođenje građevinskih zahtjeva u turističkoj sezoni koju je izdao Grad Dubrovnik.	hr
Usprkos velikoj vrućini i činjenici da se tri godine borio s rakom kosti zbog kojeg mu je amputirana lijeva ruka, Jagustin je i ovaj put pokazao svoju čeličnu volju i stigao u Batvače nešto prije 17 sati, kada je počinjala sveta misa.	hr
Tako je trijumfom Fortune završeno jubilarno izdanje ovogodišnje lige u kojoj se natjecalo 15 malonogometnih družina.	hr
Po drugom tumačenju, krivnja leži na samim slobodnim ženama: one, naime, jesu solo upravo zato što ih nedostupni muškarci privlače više od dostupnih, to jest slobodnih. Možda se takve žene u biti i ne žele vezati pa se klone onih s kojima je veza moguća?	hr
Kupite koji ocean, amazonsku prašumu ili tigra sa Sumatre za smiješne svote koje nećete požaliti, ponuda je jedne nevladine organizacije koja je tajno na eBayu oglasila prodaju cijele planete Zemlje, kao popratnu »pojavu« summita UN o održivom razvoju Rio+20.	hr
Dr.sc. Vladimir Onofri iz Instituta za oceanografiju i ribarstvo u Dubrovniku, pojasnio nam je pojavu jegulja na otoku sasvim prirodnom pojavom.	hr
Nakon što je požar ugašen, gosti su smješteni u isti hotel, no u sobe na drugom katu koji nije bio zahvaćen požarom.	hr
Ostojić je najavio da će se, nakon imenovanja njegovih zamjenika, na dnevnom redu Vlade vrlo brzo naći izmjene zakona o medicinski potpomognutoj oplodnji. Nakon sastanka s predstavnicima hitne medicinske pomoći iz Osijeka, Splita i Zagreba, odlučit će i o tome treba li drukčije zakonski regulirati hitnu medicinsku pomoć. Jedan od većih poslova, osim već najavljenog kraćenja listi čekanja, bit će i sređivanje bolničkog sustava.	hr
Na zagrebačkom Festivalu komorne glazbe nastupit će vrhunska domaća i strana glazbena imena - Susanna Yoko Henkel, Stefan Milenković, Itamar Golan, Monika Leskovar, Giovanni Sollima i Edin Karamazov samo su neki od ukupno 25 izvođača iz čak 15 zemalja, a ove godine prvi put na festivalu nastupaju i glumci - Krešimir Mikić i Bojan Navojec.	hr
Knjigu su predstavili intendant Igara dr.sc. Ivica Prlender, autor predgovora Luko Paljetak, urednik Stjepo Martinović te sam autor. Na predstavljanju je sudjelovala i studentska klapa „Kaše“, a sve je bilo popraćeno „pokretnim slikama“ nekadašnjega Dubrovnika.	hr
Na prvi pogled činilo se da bi posljedice nesreće mogle biti mnogo teže, ali su sudionici srećom prošli s lakšim ozljedama.	hr
Na degustaciji je prezentirano osam jela, od juhe, pašte, variva, zapečenog koromača sa sirevima, fritaje, salate od korijena pa sve do tradicionalnog kaštelirskog koromača sa suhim svinjskim jezikom.	hr
Glasnogovornik vatrogasne službe Luca Cari izjavio je kako je pomicanje broda ipak neznatno, ali unatoč tomu ipak postoji određena opasnost pa će spasioci za nestalima ubuduće tragati samo dok ima dnevnog svjetla.	hr
Gosti ovogodišnjeg kampa su Centar za dramsku umjetnost Bosne i Hercegovine te Centar za dramsku umjetnost Srbije. Organizator kampa je teatar Tirena osnovan 1997. godine. (Napisao i snimio A. DAGOSTIN)	hr
Govoreći o budućoj knjizi, Cvek je kazao da su "geografska imena ili toponimi vlastita imena različitih fizičko-geografskih i socio-geografskih objekata u prostoru. Oni su nositelji jezičnih i izvanjezičnih podataka o povijesti naroda koji su u prošlosti živjeli na prostoru današnje Istre", napomenuo je Cvek te dodao da ovo djelo ima namjeru sačuvati od zaborava dio istarske duhovne baštine koja nestaje naočigled.	hr
Eva: Tipično žensko – trošenje para u šopingu.	hr
U videozapisima koje je objavio »Jutarnji list« Čobanković je istražiteljima, među ostalim, rekao kako je »velik dio ljudi« u vladi znao da je zgrada u Planinskoj Fiolićeva te da je njegovo ministarstvo zgradu kupilo jer je to tražio Sanader.	hr
- Obilježavanje prometnih traka izvest će se tijekom blagdana a nova regulacija prometa počinje vrijediti od idućeg radnog tjedna. Ujedno će se u tom dijelu ulice ukloniti metalni stupići na nogostupu jer se pokazalo da smetaju u pješacima - nogostup je preuzak, posebice osobama s invaliditetom te majkama s kolicima, pojašnjava Damir Prhat, pročelnik gradskog komunalnog odjela.	hr
RIJEKA -Dugo iščekivana vijest konačno je danas dobila svoju potvrdu. Bijeli s Kantride i u narednoj će sezoni moći računati na dvije vrlo važne karike iz prošle sezone.	hr
Sezona u Španjolskoj počinje ovaj vikend kada se upravo u Bilbau igra Superkup. Prošle je sezone Bilbao napravio senzaciju plasmanom u finale španjolskog prvenstva, a ove je sezone cilj, dakako, napraviti korak naprijed.	hr
Rupnik: Vlast se treba prikloniti ljudima, a ne kapitalu	hr
Na Mjesec, također s Tonge, do kraja 2012. godine, za Googleovu nagradu planirate lansirati i robot-vozilo napravljeno u Istri, kao i domaće, home-made satelite za slanje tv-signala s Mjeseca. Što radi ostalih 130 članova tima iz cijeloga svijeta, i kako će ta priča općenito teći?	hr
Po podacima Ministarstva, najviša cijena najprodavanijeg benzina, eurosupera 95 od ponoći može biti 10,67 kuna, što je 32 lipe manje od dosadašnje maksimalne cijene od 10,99 kuna.	hr
HZZO će za koji dan objaviti nove referentne cijene lijekova, kojima će dodatno sniziti cijene lijekova na osnovnoj listi. Prema tvrdnjama nekih izvora iz farmaceutske branše, maksimalna cijena originalnih lijekova koji mogu doći na osnovnu listu past će za deset posto, dok će generički lijekovi morati pojeftiniti za gotovo 35 posto.	hr
Navedeno je i kako je Dodik nakon hospitaliziranja zadržan na dodatnom promatranju te kako će nad njim biti provedeni rutinski dijagnostički postupci. Prvi nalazi, prema priopćenju, potvrđuju stanje isrpljenosti Dodikova organizma.	hr
Lovočuvar je tijekom jučerašnjeg dana napravio izvid i potvrdio sumnje da se radi o medvjedu. Vlasnik košnica Gržetić kaže da se pčelarenjem bavi 45 godine, ali dosad nikad nije čuo za probleme s medvjedima. Zabrinut je za sudbinu ostalih košnica koje mu se nalaze na području Čerišnjevice.	hr
Da bismo u tome uspjeli, rekla je osječka dogradonačelnica Danijela Lovoković, mnogo se toga mora učiniti jer su kriteriji vrlo visoki i zahtjevni.	hr
– Jako nam je žao što se ne možemo probiti na hrvatsko tržište. Nadamo se da će to biti puno lakše kada sljedeće godine Hrvatska uđe u EU jer tada neće više biti carinskih dadžbina pa će i cijena biti za kupca prihvatljivija – govori Božić dodajući kako je Costella poznata kao skuplja voda, ali zbog kvalitete koju posjeduju ne žele snižavati cijenu i obezvređivati je.	hr
Oni koji imaju kabelske, satelitske ili bilo koji drugi oblik televizije koja se plaća, tako bi mogli ostati bez ovih programa, unatoč tome što plaćaju pretplatu HRT-u od 70 kuna mjesečno. Ako žele gledati HRT, u tom slučaju bi trebali odspojiti svog operatera i spojiti se direktno na signal HRT-a.	hr
Jedan od dijelova grada koji je pokazao najviše straha je kineska četvrt u kojoj su mnogi privatnici zatvorili prodavaonice uz obavijesti da su na vjenčanjima ili da ne rade zbog inventure. "Svi su otišli jer se boje potresa", kazao je jedan od uličnih prodavača.	hr
Analiza osam ranijih istraživanja koje je provelo Sveučilište u Cambridgeu pokazala je da svaki dodatni sat proveden u igri na otvorenom smanjuje rizik za kratkovidnost za dva posto. Znanstvenici smatraju da bi izlaganje prirodnom svjetlu i gledanje u udaljene predmete moglo biti ključni faktor.	hr
- Zahvaljujući plemenitim odlukama obitelji umrlih i visokoj svijesti o darivanju organa, spašeno je čak 19 ljudskih života. Priliku za novi ili bolji život dobilo je devet osoba kojima je presađen bubreg, tri osobe dobile su srce, četiri jetru, po jedna pluća i gušteraču te jedna gušteraču i bubreg, javlja glasnogovornica Ministarstva zdravstva Zora Lažeta.	hr
Jadranskom magistralom D8 između Bakra i Senja zabrana je vožnje za autobuse na kat, vozila s kamp prikolicama i motocikle (I. skupina), a između Senja i Svete Marije Magdalene dodatno za dostavna i vozila s natkrivenim teretnim prostorom (I. i II. skupina).	hr
U ovom istraživanju sudjelovala su osamdeset i četiri muškarca koji su sjedili u sobi i rješavali sudoku, a svako malo pridružio bi im još jedan muškarac i žena.	hr
Kako su izračunali u HŽ Infrastukturi, od početka godine do listopada, ovisno od mjeseca do mjeseca, prosječno se događalo tri do pet krađa tračnica mjesečno, a ukupna je vrijednost ukradene robe - gotovo pola milijuna kuna.	hr
Sindikat i radnici žele da ih se informira o planovima za budućnost Dina Petrokemije, o mogućnosti ulaska strateških partnera u vlasništvo tvrtke ili mogućem stečaju.	hr
Sajam knjiga MESAP LIBAR 2012 u Nedelišću održava se u terminu od 13. do 15. travnja. U srijedu je najavljena ovogodišnja priredba.	hr
Zasad je još nepoznato hoće li vozači iznos uplaćen na ENC moći koristiti neograničeno ii će on vrijediti samo za ograničeno vremensko razdoblje. Nakon poskupljenja cestarina od Rijeke do Zagreba za osobni automobil će iznositi 69 kuna, a od Zagreba do Splita oko 180 kuna.	hr
Kritičari kažu da pojam »strani agenti«, koji će NVO-i morati tiskati na svim svojim publikacijama, Ruse podsjeća na Hladni rat. One koji riskiraju biti tako označeni po novom zakonu, poput Amnesty Internationala i Transparency Internationala, mnogi će Rusi doživljavati kao izdajice.	hr
U Bruxellesu je zapravo kompromis, prema kojem će na snagu odmah stupiti samo zabrana sklapanja novih poslova izmedu Irana i europskih zemalja u naftnome sektoru, dok će se postojeći ugovori o isporukama iranske nafte zemljama Unije konzumirati do 1. srpnja.	hr
Otac nogometaša Cibalije Dina Kresingera, Stjepan Kresinger (55) iz Štefanca, zaprijetio je smrću 37-godišnjem sucu Saši Fegešu iz Nedelišća, navodi sudac u prijavi policiji.	hr
Prema pisanju njemačkog tjednika Spiegel i njemačka kancelarka razmišlja o neodlasku u Ukrajinu na utakmice njemačke reprezentacije, a taj bojkot obuhvatio bi i sve članove njemačke vlade.	hr
Président de la Fédération étudiante universitaire du Québec, Léo Bureau-Blouin dit qu'il recommande le pacifisme aux siens.	fr-CA
Un député conservateur s'est excusé pour avoir utilisé l'affaire de l'invasion de domicile chez les Trudeau comme une chance de lancer une pique au chef libéral.	fr-CA
Le scrutin devrait permettre de constater si QS aura réussi à séduire les militants plus à gauche du Parti québécois qui ont été déçus de certaines décisions de la formation dirigée par Pauline Marois comme la hausse de certains tarifs en plus des coupes dans l'aide sociale.	fr-CA
C'est dire que nous allons prendre des mesures fiscales pour mettre les contribuables à l'abri d'une imposition qui n'a pas lieu d'être.»	fr-CA
Amir Khadir dit comprendre que les membres du Parti québécois se laissent «séduire» par la possibilité que Pierre Karl Péladeau puisse leur permettre d'accéder à l'indépendance.	fr-CA
Cette décision n'est pas étrangère au scandale des dépenses qui a entaché l'image éthique du gouvernement Harper, a indiqué une source conservatrice.	fr-CA
Le maire de Montréal prévoit notamment créer une nouvelle entité, «un guichet unique», afin que l'ensemble des acteurs qui travaillent pour aider les itinérants soient assis à la même table.	fr-CA
Pendant ce temps, au pays, le président de l'Association canadienne des producteurs pétroliers a fait valoir que les déclarations contre le développement des sables bitumineux du chanteur folk Neil Young sont irresponsables et nuisibles pour les populations autochtones qu'il tente d'aider.	fr-CA
C'est le candidat du parti dans Jean-Talon (et membre fondateur) Stephan Pouleur qui a accepté de répondre aux questions de La Presse.	fr-CA
(OTTAWA) Il faudra attendre encore un an pour que le gouvernement fédéral rende publiques les informations qu'il a cumulées sur Montreal Maine&Atlantic Railway avant le déraillement mortel de Lac-Mégantic.	fr-CA
On a reporté des interventions d'orthopédie et d'oto-rhino-laryngologie (nez, oreilles, sinus, pharynx et larynx) ainsi que des cholécystectomies (ablation de la vésicule biliaire), toutes en médecine ambulatoire.	fr-CA
La demande de révision judiciaire note au passage que le ministère avait lui-même qualifié de «souhaitable» que le projet fasse l'objet de davantage de consultations et avait émis des préoccupations par rapport au fait que la cimenterie produit à elle seule près de 10 % des émissions totales de gaz à effet de serre de l'ensemble du secteur industriel.	fr-CA
Celui-ci a été battu par Amir Khadir, qui deviendra le premier député de Québec solidaire à siéger à l'Assemblée nationale.	fr-CA
Au terme de plusieurs semaines de congé pour traiter sa dépendance à l'alcool, il est finalement prêt à reprendre le flambeau.	fr-CA
Après une année de réflexion, le ski bum, comme il se décrit, finira par acheter la montagne.	fr-CA
Le Français Nader Abou Anas martèle que la femme, «servante d'Allah», doit «raser les murs» lorsqu'elle est autorisée à sortir de chez elle, «n'est pas libre de faire ce qu'elle veut dans ce monde», donc ne peut pas refuser de porter le voile.	fr-CA
«Ce n'est pas une question d'aider (le PLQ en région) ou de ne pas aider, c'est une question de réflexion. (...) Pour nous, les vêtements ne sont pas la vente d'une foi (sic), les symboles ne sont pas la vente d'une foi.	fr-CA
«Dès qu'elle a posé le pied au sol, il est devenu clair que les autorités gardaient un oeil sur elle.	fr-CA
Il souhaite qu'une éventuelle démarche soit « complémentaire » à la commission sur les femmes autochtones disparues ou assassinées promise par le premier ministre désigné Justin Trudeau.	fr-CA
Dans son rapport de juillet 2007 concernant le pipeline Saint-Laurent, le Bureau d'audiences publiques sur l'environnement (BAPE) note que le promoteur lui-même a évalué les risques de fuite et qu'il estime que la corrosion peut être à l'origine de fuites, mais dans une moindre mesure que ne le disent les travaux de l'ONE.	fr-CA
La mère et la soeur de la victime ont également été amenées dans un autre hôpital pour traiter un choc nerveux.	fr-CA
Le nouveau chef sera élu par les membres au cours  du congrès à la direction, le 17 mars, à l'auditorium de Verdun.	fr-CA
Les chaînes jugeaient que la province allait trop loin, mais la Cour suprême a décidé que les règles allaient dans le sens des efforts de l'Ontario pour réduire les coûts des médicaments.	fr-CA
Mais les deux tiers des répondants ont aussi indiqué qu'il devrait y avoir une meilleure supervision des agences de renseignement.	fr-CA
Aujourd'hui, Vidéotron est la « vache à lait » de l'empire Québecor, la source de 75 % de ses revenus.	fr-CA
La fin de semaine prochaine, la travée principale du pont, soutenue par un imposant pilier en « V », tombera sous les pics de démolition.	fr-CA
La firme a passé au peigne toutes les dépenses de voyage soumises par Mme Wallin depuis que le premier ministre Stephen Harper l'a nommée au Sénat il y a plus de quatre ans.	fr-CA
«On constate qu'il y a de nouveaux visages, comme une nouvelle vague de mobilisation, et ça, c'est réjouissant, note l'étudiante à l'UQAM.	fr-CA
(Montréal) Sans surprise, la CLASSE a appelé ses membres à poursuivre la grève malgré la période électorale, dimanche, à Montréal.	fr-CA
Nathalie Normandeau a beaucoup défendu l'usage du pouvoir discrétionnaire du ministre, affirmant qu'il s'agit d'un contrepoids à celui des fonctionnaires.	fr-CA
Des 233 arrêts faits par les chefs depuis le début de la campagne, les deux tiers ont eu lieu dans ces secteurs jugés «prenables».	fr-CA
Elle considère que le risque de récidive de Fernand Lauzon est « peu probable », qualifie son comportement de « conformiste » et souligne que son entourage est « suffisamment encadrant pour le soutenir dans le redressement de sa situation ».	fr-CA
C'est à cette étape que des changements importants ont été faits dans l'actionnariat de la nouvelle entreprise; les fils Accurso ont revendu leur participation «afin de maximiser les chances de la société et de ses filiales d'obtenir les autorisations» de l'AMF.	fr-CA
Ce dernier bénéficie de plusieurs investissements du Fonds de solidarité FTQ, et certains allèguent à l'émission Enquête à Radio-Canada que ses entreprises seraient traitées en priorité.	fr-CA
Il a été élu au fédéral en 1984, à seulement 26 ans, lors de la vague conservatrice qui porta Brian Mulroney au pouvoir.	fr-CA
Le pilote de brousse et aventurier s'était fait connaître en novembre 1992, alors qu'il avait été arrêté à la suite de l'une des plus importantes importations de cocaïne de l'histoire du Canada.	fr-CA
La semaine dernière, Philippe Couillard, ex-ministre de la Santé, avait été le premier candidat à remplir toutes les conditions requises par le règlement d'élection.	fr-CA
Des médias turcs ont soutenu que Davud Hanci a aidé à orchestrer la tentative de coup du 15 juillet, au cours de laquelle plus de 200 personnes ont été tuées.	fr-CA
M. Meunier a précisé que l'échéancier très serré du projet, en 2009, était justifié par un programme de subvention qui se terminait le 30 novembre 2009.	fr-CA
Un fonctionnaire a indiqué que la Ville attendait un redoux pour épandre du sel - celui-ci n'étant pas efficace sous la barre des -15 °C - et gratter la surface des chaussées pour la dégager.	fr-CA
Même s'il a soutenu que ce n'était pas le temps de «tirer des cailloux» en direction du gouvernement conservateur, il a décoché une flèche à l'endroit du ministre fédéral des Transports Denis Lebel.	fr-CA
La Gendarmerie royale du Canada a aussi ouvert une enquête à la suite d'allégations de trafic d'influence impliquant l'entrepreneur en construction Tony Accurso et le sénateur conservateur Léo Housakos, pour obtenir la nomination de l'ex-directeur général de la Ville de Montréal, Robert Abdallah, au conseil d'administration d'APM.	fr-CA
Or, à l'instar de Lise Lapierre, des patients très souffrants peuvent très bien vivre toute leur vie avec la même dose de morphine.	fr-CA
La présentation de M. Desrosiers, qui se poursuivra lundi, vise à dresser un tableau d'ensemble avant la comparution prochaine de «décideurs» de la Ville de Montréal annoncée hier par la procureure de la Commission, M^e Caroline Roy.	fr-CA
Nous avons à Concordia des étudiants qui travaillent à temps plein, soit 25, 30 ou 35 heures semaine, pour faire vivre leur famille.	fr-CA
Dans son jugement de près de 100 pages, le magistrat Richard Mosley a par ailleurs critiqué les conservateurs pour avoir ralenti la progression de l'affaire, les accusant de s'être «livrés à une guerre de tranchées pour essayer d'empêcher que la présente affaire soit entendue sur le fond».	fr-CA
Le pont Mercier relie la municipalité de Châteauguay à l'arrondissement de LaSalle, dans le sud-ouest de Montréal.	fr-CA
Rappelons qu'Amanda et Sabrina De Vito ont été trouvées mortes par leurs deux oncles et leur grand-mère (Mme Di Cesare), l'après-midi du 31 mars 2009.	fr-CA
Quand on parle de whistleblowers ou de dénonciation, cela demande un certain courage, mais il faut surtout amener la culture de l'organisation à ne pas accepter ouvertement un tel comportement.	fr-CA
En faveur d'une étude pour mesurer l'impact de l'interdiction des signes religieux chez les femmes de la fonction publique, la présidente reprochait au gouvernement d'avoir noyauté le CSF pour court-circuiter les débats internes sur cette question et obtenir un avis favorable à la charte.	fr-CA
Pendant que le docteur Yann Dazé détaillait la liste des plaies des victimes, François Tartamella, accusé du meurtre non prémédité de son ex-conjointe et de la fille de cette dernière, regardait le sol fixement tout en s'essuyant les yeux sans montrer d'autres signes d'émotion.	fr-CA
Il a balayé d'un geste exaspéré les questions qui lui étaient posées, avant de presser le pas pour quitter les lieux en traînant sa valise.	fr-CA
La centrale syndicale précise que la rencontre visait à échanger des informations au sujet du mouvement étudiant, et que des initiatives semblables ont eu lieu avec les fédérations étudiantes collégiales et universitaires (FECQ et FEUQ).	fr-CA
Il faut que ce soit très clair, ce dossier-là est prioritaire, je ne veux pas qu'il y ait du «slack dans la poulie», il faut que ça fonctionne.	fr-CA
Mais comme il n'y a pas de consensus, nous demandons au ministre d'organiser une consultation à ce sujet», explique M. Chevrette.	fr-CA
Le porte-parole de la commission, Richard Bourdon, a indiqué hier que la Commission ne ferait pas de commentaires sur cette nouvelle demande de prolongation.	fr-CA
Le premier ministre a cependant prévenu que le PQ ne pourra esquiver le débat sur la situation du député de Saint-Jérôme, grand favori dans la course à la direction du parti qui se termine la semaine prochaine.	fr-CA
«Les conséquences sont beaucoup plus grandes pour l'ensemble de l'économie montréalaise, a-t-il dit lorsqu'il a été invité à commenter la baisse d'affluence au Grand Prix cette année.	fr-CA
En conséquence, l'Agence a réduit les prestations de toutes les familles recomposées, qu'elles aient été formées avant ou après juin 2011, constate M. Chartrand.	fr-CA
En 2014, son équipe de la clinique d'abandon du tabac de l'Institut thoracique de Montréal a suivi 179 nouveaux patients.	fr-CA
Enfin, il serait impossible de fournir des données financières mensuelles des 62 organismes publics hors du budget du gouvernement québécois, étant donné la somme de travail considérable que cela exigerait de chacun des organismes, a plaidé Mme Malenfant.	fr-CA
L'armée de fortune a fait fondre le revêtement du toit d'un des plus anciens édifices de l'université pour en faire des balles.	fr-CA
Une soixantaine d'interventions chirirgicales ont été annulées jeudi et vendredi derniers afin de décongestionner les urgences de Montréal.	fr-CA
L'installation de portes palières le long des quais du métro pourrait résoudre bon nombre de situations problématiques liées à l'exploitation d'un tel réseau de transport rapide: pas d'objets échappés qui tombent sur les voies, pas d'accès aux tunnels et aux rails électrifiés.	fr-CA
Selon les informations qu'il possède maintenant, le DPCP a toutes les raisons de croire qu'elle na pas participé aux activités qui ont mené aux accusations portées contre son conjoint», a-t-on expliqué par voie le communiqué au bureau du DPCP, mercredi soir.	fr-CA
Les circonstances de l'agression survenue dans une maison de la rue Mallette, à Mercier, vers 20h00, ne sont pas encore connues.	fr-CA
Subitement, des policiers du groupe d'intervention qui sont entrés par la porte arrière ont surgi devant les manifestants.	fr-CA
Selon lui, personne ne doute de la clarté de la position canadienne, soit que les ratés du processus électoral ayant mené Joseph Kabila à la tête de la RDC étaient «complètement inacceptables», tout comme les abus commis sur le plan des droits de la personne.	fr-CA
Par ailleurs, selon trois sources bien au fait du dossier, un nouveau témoin qui s'est manifesté pour appuyer la version de Mario Lambert aurait enregistré une déclaration assermentée sous vidéo.	fr-CA
Au moment de l'entrevue, l'homme de loi s'apprêtait à quitter Ottawa après avoir remporté jeudi sa troisième victoire à la Cour suprême pour son client.	fr-CA
La première fois, M. Catania était seul et ne lui a rien dit au sujet de la destination finale de cet argent.	fr-CA
«Depuis le début, ceux que le ministre écoute, ce sont ceux qui pensent comme lui», a déclaré Rémi Bourget, le président de l'organisme Québec inclusif, qui a recueilli sur Internet plus de 27 000 signatures soutenant son «Manifeste pour un Québec ouvert, tolérant et inclusif».	fr-CA
L'enquête policière avait été ouverte à la suite d'allégations voulant qu'il existerait une vidéo montrant le maire Ford en train de fumer ce qui semble être du crack.	fr-CA
Durant la rencontre, les leaders des provinces ont aussi discuté de la lutte aux changements climatiques, de l'élaboration d'une stratégie canadienne en énergie, et de la lutte au terrorisme, entre autres.	fr-CA
La proposition de partenariat de Mme Wynne est arrivée juste avant une rencontre des premiers ministres à Ottawa, la semaine prochaine.	fr-CA
M. Yahyaei, qui résidait à Laval, a réalisé en 2013 un rêve d'enfant en obtenant sa licence de pilote privé à l'âge de 38 ans.	fr-CA
C'est que parmi les conditions imposées à Merouane Ghalmi, 22 ans, qui a signé le 27 mars, devant un juge, un engagement à garder la paix, conformément à l'article 810.01 du Code criminel, il y avait l'interdiction d'entrer en contact avec un dénommé Daniel Minta Darko.	fr-CA
Par ailleurs, le service de police de Geneva, en Illinois, d'où provient l'accusée, Mme Souvannarath, a indiqué qu'il serait en contact avec la GRC et la police d'Halifax quant à une perquisition qui a été effectuée à sa résidence, vendredi.	fr-CA
Tout juste devant, les ruines de la belle maison ancestrale sur le parterre de laquelle Éliane Parenteau-Boulanger, 93 ans, invitait des amies, âgées ou malades, à écouter la musique un verre à la main.	fr-CA
Malgré des efforts notables de l'appareil judiciaire et d'organismes pour adoucir ces sanctions, la répression policière perdure à la base, ajoute-t-elle.	fr-CA
La disposition a été adoptée après les attentats du 11 septembre 2001, avec tout un arsenal judiciaire pour lutter contre le terrorisme.	fr-CA
Par décret, le gouvernement Marois souhaitait ainsi faire la lumière sur les facteurs qui ont contribué à la détérioration du climat social qui a culminé avec la précipitation d'élections à l'automne 2012.	fr-CA
(QUÉBEC) Un État laïc, des institutions neutres du point de vue religieux, sans interdire à qui que ce soit le droit d'afficher sa foi; le PLQ précise sa position sur les questions identitaires.	fr-CA
Quant au fait que la campagne publicitaire dépasse le strict cadre de la loi spéciale et dénonce plusieurs mesures du gouvernement Charest, M. Patry le justifie ainsi: «La CSN mène une action de portée politique pour dénoncer quelque loi que ce soit avec laquelle on est en désaccord.	fr-CA
Une page Facebook a récemment été créée pour recruter ce poids lourd de la finance canadienne et internationale.	fr-CA
«Je peux vous confirmer que le syndic a démarré une enquête à ce sujet», a déclaré cette semaine à La Presse la directrice générale et secrétaire de l'Ordre, Manon Lambert.	fr-CA
La réforme tous azimuts envisagée par le gouvernement Couillard dans le réseau de l'éducation s'est attiré les foudres de nombreux intervenants.	fr-CA
Son nom est peut-être identique, mais la situation qui incombe à l'ex-professeur de 41 ans est pratiquement incomparable avec celle qu'a vécue son père il y a 46 ans.	fr-CA
Transports Canada a donc écrit deux lettres de préoccupation à l'entreprise et a émis quatre avis lui enjoignant d'effectuer des réparations.	fr-CA
Le garçon, considéré comme un cas sévère, est présentement évalué pour voir si son diagnostic de dysphasie est maintenu.	fr-CA
Les météorologues ont prévenu qu'une masse d'air arctique continuerait de stagner au-dessus du nord-ouest de Terre-Neuve, où la température ressentie devrait descendre jusqu'à -35 degrés Celsius en raison des forts vents.	fr-CA
« Il faut que la personne concernée sache ce qu'on lui reproche [et qu'on lui donne] l'occasion de s'expliquer, soit en fournissant de la preuve, soit en fournissant des arguments, ou les deux. »	fr-CA
La Gendarmerie royale du Canada avait arrêté M. Diab, un Canadien d'origine libanaise, en novembre 2008, en réponse à une demande de la France.	fr-CA
Au terme de son enquête, le commissaire à la déontologie a conclu qu'ils s'étaient montrés  insouciants ou négligents à l'égard de la sécurité Mme Dorval et de ses enfants.	fr-CA
Et à Concordia, ça va être exactement la même chose, d'autant plus que notre point de rassemblement, pour le contingent FEUQ, va se faire à Concordia.	fr-CA
Arrivés sur place, les policiers ont trouvé un homme de 31 ans blessé, qui a rapidement été transporté dans un centre hospitalier.	fr-CA
Cette idée de moduler les droits de scolarité en fonction des programmes a notamment été présentée dans des recherches du Centre interuniversitaire de recherche en analyse des organisations (CIRANO).	fr-CA
Depuis sa nomination, la ministre Vallée s'enferme dans un mutisme total, quant à ses intentions dans ce dossier.	fr-CA
«Les écoles, c'est comme des villages alors c'est assez facile de savoir qui fait quoi, note le porte-parole Alain Perron, qui affirme que la campagne a donné de bons résultats et que les pages Spotted sont moins nombreuses qu'il y a deux mois.	fr-CA
«Chaque fois que la police enquête sur les crimes, surtout ceux qui impliquent de nouvelles technologies, elle utilise des moyens qui sont désuets et qui ont à peine été modernisés depuis l'avènement d'Internet», indique le rapport.	fr-CA
Quant aux 93 autres recommandations de la commission, M. Mulcair considère qu'il serait irréaliste de promettre de tout mettre en place comme l'a fait le chef libéral Justin Trudeau.	fr-CA
«Ça va être intenable», prédit pour sa part Maxence L. Valade, qui suit deux cours avec ces jeunes femmes.	fr-CA
Plusieurs commentateurs américains ont comparé M. Ford à Marion Barry, l'ancien maire de Washington, qui avait été surpris en train de fumer du crack.	fr-CA
Or, le ministre du Patrimoine et des Langues officielles, James Moore, avait soutenu que ce projet de loi n'était pas nécessaire, avant de faire marche arrière le lendemain en disant qu'aucune décision n'avait été prise à ce sujet.	fr-CA
-Qu'Ottawa adopte des mesures pour que soit doublé le nombre d'étudiants qui prennent part à des échanges linguistiques.	fr-CA
Quant à M. Daoust, il est actuellement en mission en France en compagnie d'une brochette de ses collègues du cabinet et du premier ministre Couillard.	fr-CA
Dans la note de service, M. Fadden insiste sur le fait que le SCRS est déjà surveillé de près, un avis partagé par le ministère de la Sécurité publique.	fr-CA
À cet égard, la nomination du député Guy Ouellet, un ancien enquêteur de la SQ, comme adjoint parlementaire de Mme Thériault, semble rassurer les troupes.	fr-CA
Il a cependant rencontré les dirigeants de quatre firmes concurrentes pour faire la lumière sur cette affaire.	fr-CA
Ensemble, Jouret et Di Mambro créent «Golden Way» au début des années 80, une organisation qui cédera sa place, quelques années plus tard, à l'Ordre du temple solaire.	fr-CA
Aux côtés de M. Létourneau, le responsable du dossier de la santé et des services sociaux à la CSN, Jean Lacharité, a quant à lui exprimé des craintes quant à la possibilité que les missions sociales des centres de santé et de services sociaux soient (CSSS) «bouffées» par les besoins des hôpitaux en raison de la centralisation.	fr-CA
Par la suite, des équipes seront à l'oeuvre pour construire le boulevard urbain et démolir les piliers supportant l'autoroute surélevée.	fr-CA
Deux participants aux Jeux ont réussi l'exploit de remporter des médailles tant dans le volet sportif que dans le volet artistique.	fr-CA
Le président de la STM, Philippe Schnobb, a estimé que ces changements «ne sont pas nécessaires» et que la décision de modifier ces noms devait relever uniquement du conseil d'administration de la société, qui a appuyé un seul changement de nom, en avril dernier.	fr-CA
Son parti parle d'ailleurs de cas isolés puisqu'ils touchent deux donations sur les 700 reçues lors de la dernière campagne.	fr-CA
Il faudrait mettre en place un «processus ouvert avec des critères de sélection bien précis basés sur le mérite et l'intégrité et sans discrimination», a suggéré l'organisation composée de 60 juges et avocats provenant des quatre coins de la planète, dont la mission est de promouvoir et protéger les droits de la personne.	fr-CA
Le propriétaire a d'ailleurs fait parvenir à La Presse une photo d'un graffiti apparu cette fin de semaine: «Merci de nous voler notre maison», peut-on lire, suivi d'une insulte envers l'ancienne locataire ayant porté plainte.	fr-CA
L'heure des règlements de comptes a sonné au Parti libéral du Québec: la députée Fatima Houda-Pepin accuse son ancien chef Philippe Couillard de s'être livré à un marchandage éhonté, destiné à lui faire endosser à tout prix sa position sur les signes religieux.	fr-CA
Seul Bernard Landry s'est refusé de fermer la porte complètement, bien qu'il ait admis qu'il «n'a jamais songé» à cette possibilité.	fr-CA
Elle exigera l'utilisation de deux grues de 160 tonnes chacune, pour hisser la super-poutre et la maintenir en position, au-dessus de la poutre fissurée, le temps qu'on la fixe aux chevêtres du pont.	fr-CA
Les conventions collectives des 550 000 employés des secteurs public et parapublic seront échues le 31 mars.	fr-CA
«Ils me disent clairement que c'est la raison pour laquelle ils me mettent à l'amende», a-t-elle assuré avant de s'engouffrer dans la salle d'audience.	fr-CA
Les trois syndicats qui représentent les employés (FIQ, CSN et l'Alliance du personnel professionnel et technique de la santé et des services sociaux (APTS)) ont reçu au cours des derniers jours les sommes établies jusqu'à présent par les gestionnaires.	fr-CA
En novembre 2011, la nomination à ce poste de Michael Ferguson, unilingue anglophone, avait suscité un tollé de la part des partis d'opposition.	fr-CA
Jusqu'ici, ces derniers ont obtenu une oreille extraordinairement attentive de la part du ministre «carré rouge», le sobriquet employé par l'opposition libérale pour décrire les penchants de M. Duchesne.	fr-CA
Il a avancé que le gel est dans les faits «une façon de diminuer d'année en année» les droits de scolarité puisque ceux-ci ne suivent pas l'augmentation générale du coût de la vie.	fr-CA
Après le départ du D^r Porter, 16 nouvelles personnes (sur 20) ont été nommées au conseil d'administration.	fr-CA
Le 25 juillet, la Ville de Montréal s'est également adressée à la CRT pour dénoncer que la moitié de ses policiers comptaient ne pas se présenter au travail le lendemain en invoquant des raisons de santé.	fr-CA
Cet enquêteur à la section de la sécurité nationale l'a interrogé le jour de son arrestation le 17 octobre 2014.	fr-CA
Ça peut arriver, mais généralement, on tue dans l'oeuf, ça ne dure pas 15 ans comme ça a duré à Montréal.»	fr-CA
La Défense nationale hérite d'une part importante de la tarte budgétaire: le gouvernement a annoncé hier une augmentation de son budget de 11,8 milliards sur 10 ans à compter de 2017-2018.	fr-CA
Sam Hamad a par ailleurs confirmé qu'il ne serait pas candidat à la direction, une décision arrêtée avec sa famille.	fr-CA
Bien entendu, on ne fera ça que lorsqu'on aura une alternative intéressante et cette alternative sera probablement quelque chose qui ne sera plus une perception directe des commissions scolaires», a dit la ministre, en point de presse après la période de questions à l'Assemblée nationale.	fr-CA
Il a pris contact avec la fondation Bon départ de Canadian Tire, qui a accepté de payer au jeune garçon un camp d'été dans une école de danse professionnelle et des cours l'année suivante.	fr-CA
Les accusés sont soupçonnés dans cette affaire d'avoir orchestré le versement de 22,5 millions de dollars par SNC, qui convoitait le lucratif contrat, aux dirigeants du CUSM.	fr-CA
Reléguée au dernier rang des provinces avec un «D-», Terre-Neuve-et-Labrador affiche des résultats en matière de santé pire que ceux des États-Unis, le pays de comparaison le plus mal classé.	fr-CA
Durant les travaux en cours, le tablier du pont doit être remplacé, dont la dalle et les poutres qui le soutiennent.	fr-CA
Ils ont d'abord bloqué la rue Shebrooke, devant leur collège, avant de se mettre à marcher dans le quartier.	fr-CA
Vers 00h45, un malfaiteur a défoncé avec son véhicule la vitrine de l'établissement situé sur la rue Royalmount, dans le quartier de la Côte-des-Neiges.	fr-CA
La métropole a notamment demandé à l'ensemble de ses arrondissements de revoir leur plan de déplacement local, soit la liste des artères sur lesquelles les camions sont autorisés à circuler.	fr-CA
L'appui traditionnel des progressistes conservateurs restants, mêlé à un vote stratégique anti-Wildrose, sera-t-il suffisant pour faire tourner le vent dans une circonscription comme Highwood?	fr-CA
Les étudiants ont été confinés dans leurs salles de cours et le gymnase, le temps que les agents passent le bâtiment au peigne fin, ce qui a pris environ quatre heures.	fr-CA
Le ministre Barrette conclut sa lettre en disant que «la population ne tolérera pas le statu quo» et que des changements sont nécessaires.	fr-CA
Notre reportage évoquait aussi des conseils juridiques donnés à certains employés pour le cas où ils seraient interrogés par les enquêteurs de l'UPAC.	fr-CA
Selon la Poursuite, le réseau de vente de stupéfiants des frères Paparelli démantelé dans le projet Argot aurait cumulé des revenus bruts de 20 à 30 000$ par semaine.	fr-CA
Sur la question du port de signes religieux par les employés de l'État, il s'est toujours montré inflexible, posant en champion des libertés individuelles et en s'affichant contre toute forme d'interdiction, si le visage est découvert.	fr-CA
À 13h30, par la voie d'un communiqué laconique, Mme Beauchamp a confirmé la tenue de cette rencontre « sur la situation du conflit étudiant ».	fr-CA
Le 1er octobre dernier, lors de son passage devant la commission Charbonneau, Lino Zambito a identifié cinq employés de la Ville de Montréal qui auraient participé, d'une façon ou d'une autre à des stratagèmes de collusion et de corruption sur des contrats municipaux.	fr-CA
Le rôle de l'ONU et des autres agences de première ligne comme les forces militaires et les ONG doit être précisé.»	fr-CA
Il a laissé entendre que la mesure ne ferait pas partie du projet de loi «sur l'intégrité en matière de contrats publics», qu'il déposera jeudi.	fr-CA
Par ailleurs, La Presse a révélé la semaine dernière que M. Paire a aussi reçu un salaire sous forme de somme forfaitaire annuelle de l'Université de Montréal.	fr-CA
À 31 reprises depuis 1998, la Ville de Laval a accepté de payer des commissions à des courtiers immobiliers comme Devencore, Royal Lepage ainsi qu'à la soeur du maire, Marie-Claire Vaillancourt, de la firme Opus immobilier.	fr-CA
De jeunes artistes et acrobates de partout dans le monde viennent s'installer ici, parce qu'ils savent que c'est ici que ça se passe», souligne-t-il.	fr-CA
La police de Montréal va changer sous peu sa façon de mener des perquisitions, à la suite d'un cafouillage lors d'une opération où une puissante bombe aurait pu causer un bain de sang à 100 mètres à la ronde, en plein quartier résidentiel, a appris La Presse.	fr-CA
La dernière édition a attiré près de 3200 participants, 26 délégations internationales et 180 conférenciers, dont Christine Lagarde, directrice générale du Fonds monétaire international (FMI).	fr-CA
Cela l'a mené au rang de héros», a-t-elle poursuivi le dos droit et les yeux francs, malgré la voix qui a tremblé à quelques moments.	fr-CA
Questionné après la diffusion de cette écoute, Bernard Gauthier affirme qu'il n'a jamais été témoin de l'implication de syndicalistes dans la vente de drogue.	fr-CA
(Montréal) La ministre de l'Éducation, Line Beauchamp, n'a plus la légitimité pour résoudre la crise avec les étudiants, affirment un millier de professeurs, signataires d'une pétition réclamant sa démission.	fr-CA
Le gouvernement Marois exclut les écoles privées, qui sont confessionnelles dans certains cas, de l'application de cet interdit sur les signes religieux.	fr-CA
Dans une vidéo qui a fait surface dimanche, un Canadien s'identifiant comme Abou Anwar al-Canadi a explicitement invité les «loups solitaires» à attaquer des cibles canadiennes en s'inspirant des récents attentats survenus à Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu et à Ottawa.	fr-CA
Après une légère baisse pendant la période de Noël, les demandes ont doublé depuis le mois de mai, à l'approche de la date d'anniversaire de la tragédie.	fr-CA
Pour Sylvain Malette, le président de la Fédération autonome de l'enseignement, Québec vient par ses offres de jeter aux ordures des années de progression dans ses relations de travail.	fr-CA
Tous les membres de son comité exécutif devront par ailleurs s'engager à ne pas se présenter à la mairie aux prochaines élections, a précisé M. Applebaum.	fr-CA
À 22 ans, j'ai lu La vie devant soi, d'Émile Ajar, je me suis dit qu'un jour je devrais raconter ça.	fr-CA
«Je verrai jusqu'où sont prêts à aller les partis d'opposition pour collaborer à l'adoption de cette loi dans son entièreté ou dans un certain nombre de ses éléments, a-t-elle affirmé.	fr-CA
Même à cette date, les élèves de dernière année devraient pouvoir entrer à l'université au trimestre d'hiver, selon le directeur général, Guy Laperrière.	fr-CA
Dès cette semaine, le chef de la CAQ, François Legault, doit rendre publique une longue liste de mesures costaudes, préconisées par son parti, pour l'accueil des néo-Québécois.	fr-CA
Le leader libéral au Sénat, James Cowan, a nié imposer des délais inutiles, tout en signalant que les conservateurs «avaient commencé la bataille».	fr-CA
Seuls quelques grands panneaux de Geoffrey Kelley, député libéral de Jacques-Cartier depuis 1994, décorent les artères de cette coquette ville.	fr-CA
Les deux hommes accusés d'avoir comploté pour faire dérailler un train de VIA Rail ont songé à faire sauter un pont ferroviaire pour arriver à leurs fins, a-t-on entendu vendredi au procès.	fr-CA
Ses parents se souviennent que, tout jeune, il collectionnait les articles et les photos des compétitions de ski acrobatique, un sport qu'il pratique depuis l'âge de quatre ans et où il a vite été parmi les meilleurs.	fr-CA
Mais un conflit a éclaté au sein de ce «consortium», qui s'est alors scindé: le groupe de Desjardins d'un côté, celui de Montagna de l'autre.	fr-CA
Il a noté au passage que Radio-Canada est la propriété du gouvernement fédéral et que cette situation n'a pas mis en cause l'indépendance des journalistes de la société d'État.	fr-CA
C'est le cas du juge de la cour municipale Michel Paquin, qui demande à la Cour supérieure de déclarer que la retraite obligatoire à 70 ans pour les juges municipaux est inconstitutionnelle et enfreint la Charte des droits et libertés.	fr-CA
Puisqu'il adore aussi manier l'épée dans ses temps libres, il avoue qu'un duel est à prévoir entre l'astronomie et l'architecture.	fr-CA
Il s'agit de la quatrième porte d'entrée en importance au pays en ce qui concerne les échanges commerciaux avec nos voisins du Sud - et la plus importante au Québec.	fr-CA
Hudon-Barbeau et Wolfson ont été arrêtés vendredi soir vers minuit et demi au bar de danseuses Wanda, rue De La Montagne, dans le centre-ville de Montréal.	fr-CA
Cette donnée fait partie des motifs invoqués par son avocate Suzanne Gagné, dans une requête qui doit être entendue cet après-midi au palais de justice de Montréal.	fr-CA
L'utilisation des centres d'appel et des appareils à composition automatique pour diriger les partisans des partis rivaux vers des bureaux de scrutin inexistants est un mariage moderne unique de technologie et fourberie, mais les pères de la Confédération avaient aussi plus d'un tour dans leur sac.	fr-CA
«J'ai tendu le bras pour la voir, mais le gars m'a dit que je n'avais pas le droit d'y toucher», explique M. Charest, qui se défend d'avoir arraché le porte-documents.	fr-CA
Les conditions météorologiques, qui ont mené certaines personnes à patiner dans les rues de Kingston, en Ontario, sont suspectées d'avoir eu un rôle à jouer lors de trois accidents mortels sur les autoroutes du Québec et lors d'un autre survenu en Ontario cette fin de semaine.	fr-CA
«C'est clair que ce n'est pas le gouvernement actuel qui va bouger dans ce sens-là», a quant à lui reconnu le militant pro-marijuana de longue date Marc-Boris Saint-Maurice, devenu membre du Parti libéral du Canada il y a quelques années pour mieux faire progresser sa cause.	fr-CA
Et maintenant, on aura à gérer des patients plus lourds, qui ont besoin de plus de trois heures de soins par jour.	fr-CA
L'attente aurait pu être plus longue encore, n'eût été l'Ombudsman, puisque c'est seulement à la suite de son intervention que les travaux ont été réalisés.	fr-CA
Immense soupir de soulagement dans les milieux qui se consacrent aux soins aux itinérants: l'Agence de Montréal a décidé, in extremis, de prendre le relais du financement fédéral en reconduisant pour un an plusieurs projets dédiés à sortir les sans-abri de tous âges de la rue et à leur offrir un suivi social intensif.	fr-CA
La Presse a révélé vendredi que Québec était sur le point de donner le feu vert à une série d'appels de soumissions pour le renouvellement des ordinateurs, qui fonctionnent pour la plupart sous Windows XP. Microsoft n'offrira plus de soutien technique pour sa plateforme dans deux ans.	fr-CA
Pour l'aide aux entreprises, il est acquis que l'autre comité, celui dirigé par le fiscaliste Luc Godbout, proposera de réduire à nouveau les crédits d'impôt aux entreprises - une première ponction de 20% a été faite lors du budget Leitao en juin.	fr-CA
Des documents judiciaires obtenus par La Presse démontrent toutefois que les trois organismes ont Kalkat dans leur ligne de mire depuis longtemps.	fr-CA
Mais il a reconnu avoir reçu cette faveur, soit une carte de crédit pour essence de l'ex-patron de la firme de sécurité BCIA, Luigi Coretti.	fr-CA
Le Commissariat n'a toujours pas reçu cette évaluation, et l'Agence a affirmé récemment que le programme n'avait toujours pas été réactivé.	fr-CA
Pour ces funérailles, au cours desquelles le clan sicilien affichait encore une certaine grandeur, des gardes du corps allaient et venaient dans la rue Dante, où régnait une grande effervescence.	fr-CA
Au dire de Mme Wynne, les craintes environnementales doivent se retrouver au centre de toute discussion sur le transport de carburant à travers la province.	fr-CA
(Québec) Québec a utilisé un outil parlementaire exceptionnel, mardi, pour condamner «les gestes de violence et d'intimidation portant sur la hausse des droits de scolarité».	fr-CA
Laurent a attenté à sa vie après une belle lune de miel à Québec, au cours de laquelle le couple a souligné 20 ans d'amour.	fr-CA
Elle devra vérifier la conformité du processus d'adjudication des contrats dans lesquels les prévenus du secteur privé dans cette affaire ont été impliqués.	fr-CA
* Plus de 100 000: 90 145$ * 50 000 à 100 000: 73 191$ * 25 000 à 50 000: 68 530$ * 10 000 à 25 000: 59 262$ * 5000 à 10 000: 48 189$	fr-CA
«Grâce à un support financier et à ses alliances criminelles à Montréal, Cournoyer est redevenu un joueur important du trafic de stupéfiants», lit-on dans les documents.	fr-CA
Il a également reçu des cadeaux sous forme de services, notamment lors de la construction de sa maison, à Brossard.	fr-CA
Avec les cinq jurés sélectionnés jeudi, le jury chargé de juger Luka Rocco Magnotta est maintenant complet.	fr-CA
Dans un courriel envoyé à La Presse, un porte-parole d'Environnement Canada, Danny Kingsberry, a assuré que ses agents n'avaient pas arrêté d'employé à la station d'épuration des eaux.	fr-CA
À Longueuil, la hausse des constats d'infraction remis aux piétons entre 2010 et 2012 n'est que de 66%.	fr-CA
La formation indépendantiste casse de plus en plus de sucre sur le dos du NPD sur la question du port du niqab, qui alimente les débats sur la colline du Parlement depuis quelques semaines.	fr-CA
L'allocation de transition équivaut à deux mois de salaire par année de service - le minimum est de quatre mois de salaire (près de 29 000 $); le maximum, 12 mois (87 000 $ pour un député; plus de 150 000 $ pour un ministre).	fr-CA
En avril, la présidente de la Fédération des commissions scolaires du Québec, Josée Bouchard, affirmait concernant les coupes: «On est obligés aussi de se tourner vers les citoyens.	fr-CA
Partout au Canada, des entrepreneurs se préparent en vue de la création de l'industrie de la marijuana médicale.	fr-CA
Même si la question des péages routiers fait ponctuellement surface dans l'actualité depuis des années, la position de la CMM, en tant qu'entité régionale, a toujours été pour le moins ambiguë.	fr-CA
Williams aurait agressé deux femmes à leur domicile les 17 et 30 septembre 2009 dans la région de Tweed.	fr-CA
L'homme mesurant 1m72 et pesant 113kg portait des jeans, un chandail noir et un manteau vert foncé lors de sa disparition mystérieuse.	fr-CA
Les libéraux de Philippe Couillard restent en avance, à 38%, mais leur appui chez les francophones a fléchi de trois points, à 27%.	fr-CA
En campagne électorale, les libéraux s'étaient engagés à publier les avis juridiques dont l'ancienne première ministre Pauline Marois et le parrain du projet de charte, Bernard Drainville, laissaient entendre l'existence.	fr-CA
Se faisant passer pour une employée de l'hôpital de Garden Grove, en Californie, Grisel Ramirez s'est présentée dans la chambre d'une nouvelle maman en disant que le médecin devait voir le bébé.	fr-CA
«D'autres mesures dissuasives présentement à l'étude incluent la détention, lors des arrivées massives, d'individus qui cherchent à obtenir le statut de réfugié», signale-t-on dans le rapport.	fr-CA
«Il n'y a rien de malsain, ni de pathologique, dans le fait que des psychiatres arrivent à des conclusions différentes.	fr-CA
M. Garceau souhaite par ailleurs que d'autres directives et règlements soient adoptés par Transports Canada afin d'uniformiser la réglementation ferroviaire à travers tout le pays.	fr-CA
Un résidant d'Ottawa, qui conteste son expulsion du pays, affirme qu'il poursuivra son combat judiciaire pour obtenir la citoyenneté canadienne.	fr-CA
«Il y avait un véritable besoin, notamment au sein même de la Ville, souligne le chef de police, des signalements nous viennent de l'interne».	fr-CA
Dès la prochaine rentrée scolaire, de 250 à 300 enfants devraient donc voir les portes des écoles s'ouvrir à eux.	fr-CA
Ceux-ci sont mis sur pied pour octroyer certains contrats publics lorsque des critères de qualité, donc subjectifs, doivent être considérés dans un appel d'offres.	fr-CA
L'avocat du gouvernement fédéral, Michael Morris, a soutenu en matinée que la Cour d'appel de l'Ontario avait erré l'an dernier en invalidant les articles du Code criminel interdisant l'existence de maisons de débauche.	fr-CA
Ottawa a ainsi confié, sans appel d'offres public, un mandat de 15,2 millions à la firme ARUP, qui lui avait recommandé, dans une étape précédente, d'accélérer la livraison du nouveau pont.	fr-CA
Cette opération photo a coûté 47 313$, a indiqué le ministre MacKay dans une réponse écrite à des questions du critique libéral en matière de Défense, John MacKay.	fr-CA
En entrevue avec La Presse Canadienne, la sergente Ann Mathieu, de la Sûreté du Québec, a lancé sensiblement le même message.	fr-CA
«J'ai dit à ma source que la plaque était reliée à une de mes enquêtes de meurtre!	fr-CA
Bien qu'elle ait perdu des appuis au cours des derniers mois, la nouvelle formation politique de François Legault, la Coalition avenir Québec (CAQ), pourrait causer bien des maux de tête.	fr-CA
Jack Layton a réussi à fédérer le vote de gauche avec les gens qui ont le goût de donner un coup de pied à la canisse, de brasser les choses et qui veulent des changements.	fr-CA
Maintenant, il y a plusieurs mécanismes pour le faire (...) Je ne m'engage pas par rapport à aucun de ces mécanismes pour l'instant», a déclaré le candidat de tête, Justin Trudeau.	fr-CA
Elle s'applique aux députés et agents supérieurs de la Chambre «en tant qu'employeurs et leurs employés» ainsi qu'aux employés des bureaux de recherche.	fr-CA
M. Péladeau s'est engagé à inclure dans la constitution d'un Québec indépendant des dispositions qui définissent le pouvoir de développement économique des régions et leur financement.	fr-CA
Il recommandait de trouver des moyens de réduire cet écart, « afin que les subventions financent des services réellement fournis aux parents ».	fr-CA
«Avec le ralentissement global de l'économie, les pressions qui s'exercent sur les budgets des municipalités du Québec sont nombreuses et demandent un important effort collectif», a déclaré la mairesse St-Hilaire.	fr-CA
C'est du moins ce qu'ont affirmé récemment des officiels américains en marge de l'alerte aux attentats qui vient d'entraîner la fermeture d'ambassades occidentales de l'Afrique au Moyen-Orient.	fr-CA
Mais un cycliste qui va rouler à basse vitesse à côté d'un piéton, de façon sécuritaire, pourra le faire sans crainte.»	fr-CA
De 95 à 97% des enfants de la province reçoivent la première dose du vaccin, mais à peine de 84 à 90% des enfants reçoivent la seconde.	fr-CA
Dans les années 1980, l'application aux ondes radio de la loi sur les langues officielles a permis la création de plus de 250 postes de contrôleurs aériens au Québec, affirme Pierre Gauthier.	fr-CA
Mis à part cette courte rixe entre les deux candidats québécois, les échanges entre candidats ont été très polis et consensuels.	fr-CA
Elle sera entrecoupée d'un saut à Paris, demain, pour assister, avec Pierre Karl Péladeau et Jean Charest, à la cérémonie d'intronisation de Dany Laferrière à l'Académie française.	fr-CA
> Les Québécois qui ont dit parler uniquement le français à la maison a diminué de 75,1 % en 2006 à 72,8 % en 2011;	fr-CA
Dans la foulée des événements, l'Agence a demandé à M. Ducharme de «vérifier la qualité et la sécurité des soins offerts aux résidants du CHSLD Saint-Lambert-sur-le-Golf».	fr-CA
Cette décision donne gain de cause au gouvernement du Québec ainsi que des munitions au ministre de la Justice, Bertrand St-Arnaud, dans sa lutte contre ces délinquants de la route.	fr-CA
Les porte-parole du parti en matière de sécurité publique, de défense et d'affaires étrangères ont joint leur voix à celle du sénateur Roméo Dallaire pour appeler à un droit de regard plus important du Parlement canadien sur les questions de sécurité nationale.	fr-CA
La FEUQ et la FECQ entameront également dès la semaine prochaine une tournée du Québec afin d'aller rencontrer les électeurs des circonscriptions où les libéraux ont été élus avec une faible majorité lors du dernier scrutin et leur expliquer leurs revendications.	fr-CA
Les données de ce dernier Forum apparaissaient tellement hors normes à Claire Durand qu'elle hésitait même à les inclure dans ses graphiques.	fr-CA
Surtout «quand on compare avec la policière de Longueuil qui a fait un travail extraordinaire», a-t-il ajouté en entrevue téléphonique.	fr-CA
En moyenne, la majorité des suspects commettent des crimes à l'extérieur du territoire du poste du quartier dans lequel ils résident, selon une étude qu'il a réalisée à Montréal en 1996.	fr-CA
À l'instar du Canada, la Jordanie fait partie de la coalition de pays qui mènent des frappes aériennes contre des cibles de l'EI  en Syrie avec les États-Unis, l'Arabie Saoudite, Bahreïn et le Qatar.	fr-CA
Du côté de la Ville, on invite les locataires en situation problématique à communiquer avec leur arrondissement pour, entre autres, «les aider à trouver un logement salubre», explique François Goneau, relationniste à la Ville.	fr-CA
La nouvelle a été confirmée mardi par l'Unité permanente anticorruption (UPAC), qui ajoute que Jeremy Morris comparaîtra au tribunal plus tard en journée, au Palais de justice de Montréal.	fr-CA
«L'intimidation faite par le "petit garçon à maman ou à papa", qui est vu comme la perfection incarnée, peut très bien passer sous le radar», fait remarquer Mme Vaillancourt.	fr-CA
Pendant que Philippe Couillard mise sur la menace référendaire, Mme Marois veut ramener l'intégrité au centre des débats, comme en 2012.	fr-CA
Puis, un nouveau compte bancaire a été ouvert à Laval pour lequel M. Desrochers était habilité à faire des transactions.	fr-CA
La première ministre Marois a ajouté que quelques modifications seront apportées au projet précédemment présenté: l'autoroute 20 et des tronçons de voies ferrées seront déplacés afin de désenclaver la Cour Turcot et aider à l'aménagement de divers modes de transport en commun.	fr-CA
Rappelons que Simpler est désormais l'unique commanditaire de Louisbourg SBC, entité avec laquelle le groupe Accurso fait désormais ses affaires.	fr-CA
Dernièrement, il aurait parlé à certains amis de commettre une attaque semblable à celle d'hier contre deux soldats de l'armée canadienne.	fr-CA
>Serge Tremblay et André Lamontagne (anciens partenaires d'affaires de Legault à l'époque d'Air Transat, ils l'ont suivi en politique par amitié)	fr-CA
Du même souffle, elle confirme que «des étudiants pensaient ne pas pouvoir poursuivre et ça les a aidés».	fr-CA
La prison, dont les conditions sont régulièrement décriées par les organismes de défense des droits de l'homme, est contrôlée par les gangs de rue.	fr-CA
Du côté des collisions avec blessés graves, la baisse annuelle est négligeable mais, sur la période de 2006 à 2012, elle est de 43%, ce nombre étant passé de 1616 à 910.	fr-CA
Si Réal Ménard a conservé la mairie de Mercier-Hochelaga-Maisonneuve, la victoire avait un arrière-goût de défaite puisqu'il se retrouve fin seul.	fr-CA
« La vague orange au Québec est devenue les cônes orange et les Québécois vont se débarrasser d'eux », a ajouté M. Harper.	fr-CA
Nous en sommes encore au stade de la mise en place de l'escouade», a ajouté M. Parent qui a tenu ainsi à nuancer certains propos qui lui ont été prêtés voulant que des arrestations seraient effectuées dès cette année.	fr-CA
Jusqu'à récemment, il possédait un bureau de financement à Saint-Léonard, où on le voyait encore régulièrement marcher seul, sans garde du corps.	fr-CA
Ces personnalités appellent aussi le gouvernement à suspendre sa hausse des droits de scolarité prévue pour les cinq prochaines années afin de permettre la tenue d'un débat sur l'avenir du système d'éducation supérieure et son financement.	fr-CA
«Ce que les gens souhaitent, c'est qu'on récupère notre argent [...] qu'on s'est fait voler par les firmes de génie et les entreprises de construction.»	fr-CA
Cette nouvelle contrebande - très payante pour ses auteurs - serait majoritairement contrôlée par des groupes organisés, selon les agents correctionnels, qui qualifient la situation de préoccupante.	fr-CA
Dernièrement, de nombreux élus péquistes - comme Martine Ouellet, Alexandre Cloutier et Jean-François Lisée - ont reconnu qu'ils envisageaient de tenter leur chance.	fr-CA
Le Parti vert en appellera de la décision, même si la cause ne pourra être entendue à temps pour les débats en Cour d'appel fédérale, a promis Mme May.	fr-CA
«Le coeur de ma décision est une non-acceptation de vos interventions intempestives et partiales et d'une situation particulièrement odieuse», peut-on lire dans la lettre de démission que M. Deschênes fera parvenir au ministre Barrette et dont une copie a été remise aux médias ce matin.	fr-CA
«C'est tout de même inacceptable qu'un élu se permette de remettre en question le financement d'un festival comme l'Échofête pour des préférences personnelles», a-t-il affirmé en entrevue avec La Presse Canadienne.	fr-CA
Des sources anonymes ont confié à l'Agence que Goodridge serait allé régulièrement à Toronto et aurait continué d'exploiter une entreprise de cellulaires, violant ainsi ses conditions.	fr-CA
Et les mauvaises relations entre l'équipe du chef libéral et la Sûreté du Québec amènent beaucoup de suspicion, à l'approche de la formation du gouvernement.	fr-CA
Sylvie St-Jean fait partie des tous premiers politiciens municipaux à avoir été arrêtés par l'escouade Marteau, en 2011.	fr-CA
Agostino Cuntrera, qui avait pris le poste de parrain de la mafia de Montréal, est tué avec son garde du corps devant son entreprise légitime de Saint-Léonard.	fr-CA
Mais dimanche, une fois l'histoire rendue publique, le ministre Fantino a ajouté sur Twitter: «Bien que le contenu original (du site web) ne soit plus là, j'ai demandé qu'on réexamine l'organisme avant que d'autres paiements soient faits».	fr-CA
Les recherches afin de retrouver les trois individus portés disparus doivent se poursuivre aujourd'hui sur un immense terrain qui serait lié à l'homme qui a été interpellé puis relâché par les enquêteurs.	fr-CA
Dans un rapport rendu public le 23 mars, le BIG a relevé des «irrégularités majeures» dans 12 contrats accordés depuis 2013 en lien avec la réfection de l'île Sainte-Hélène.	fr-CA
«Il est normal que le gouvernement fasse part de l'évolution des chiffres, cela se fait aux six mois généralement, et je le ferai au printemps», a-t-il laissé tomber.	fr-CA
Près de la moitié de ce nombre, soit 22 500, devraient être construits à Montréal, a plaidé mardi le député sortant de Mercier, Amir Khadir, aux côtés de deux de ses candidates du sud-ouest de Montréal, Rosa Pires dans Verdun et Molly Alexander dans Saint-Henri-Sainte-Anne.	fr-CA
L'un des doyens à l'hôtel de ville, Marvin Rotrand a été élu conseiller pour la première fois en 1982.	fr-CA
Selon nos sources, la jeune enquêteuse québécoise est une employée de Passeport Canada qui avait été prêtée à une Équipe intégrée de la sécurité nationale (EISN), un regroupement anti-terroriste aux activités top-secrètes, formé en 2002 en réaction aux attaques du 11 septembre et placé sous l'autorité du ministère de la Sécurité publique.	fr-CA
Dans les faits, ces engagements se sont plutôt soldés par l'adoption de la Loi sur la clarté référendaire, «ni plus ni moins une négation du droit des Québécois à l'autodétermination».	fr-CA
Tout de suite après avoir signé le contrat avec l'avocate, en juin 2012, M^e de Kovachich avait demandé et obtenu de la Cour une série d'ordonnances assurant son anonymat, la non-publication et la mise sous scellés du dossier.	fr-CA
- Hugh Segal, sénateur conservateur qui s'oppose à la motion du gouvernement et appuie la proposition libérale de l'étudier en comité	fr-CA
Pour sa part, Ed Burkhardt a vivement rejeté les critiques de ceux qui disent qu'il aurait dû se rendre au Québec plus rapidement.	fr-CA
Tout en confirmant l'information, Mme Drouin mentionne qu'un projet de cette nature, habituellement, fait l'objet d'une demande de produire un tel avis écrit.	fr-CA
Au bureau du ministre de la Défense, on affirme que M. MacKay n'a autorisé aucun contrat d'achat de ces balles.	fr-CA
Le premier ministre Jean Charest a finalement levé le voile sur le mandat de la «Commission d'enquête sur l'octroi et la gestion des contrats publics dans l'industrie de la construction».	fr-CA
Ces mules ne sont généralement pas membres du crime organisé et sont rétribuées très modestement en comparaison du risque qu'elles prennent.	fr-CA
Les policiers ont découvert dans sa valise 17 fioles de la bactérie Brucella vivante, placées dans un bloc de glace recouvert de film à bulles dans un sac à lunch pour enfant.	fr-CA
Récemment, le Ministère n'avait rien constaté sur l'administration de Saint-Constant, ce qui n'a pas empêché l'Unité permanente de lutte anticorruption (UPAC) d'y faire une perquisition peu de temps après.	fr-CA
Aux Communes, les troupes conservatrices ont rappelé que M. Trudeau a déjà affirmé aux Francs-Tireurs que le Canada «fait dur» parce qu'il est dirigé par des Albertains.	fr-CA
Cette situation découle du fait que des immigrés arrivés il y a longtemps ont décidé à l'époque de s'orienter vers l'anglais et ont fait leur vie dans cette langue, explique Jean-Pierre Corbeil, responsable du programme linguistique à Statistique Canada.	fr-CA
Quant aux sujets qui seront abordés, elle évaluait qu'une liste générale transmise début juillet par les procureurs de la Commission suffisait amplement.	fr-CA
En vertu des règles du Parlement, les députés ne peuvent utiliser les fonds, biens ou services des Communes que pour leurs fonctions parlementaires.	fr-CA
Les deux établissements préviennent que si le boycottage des cours se poursuit au-delà des 17 et 20 août respectivement, ils n'auront pas le choix d'entamer un processus d'annulation du trimestre, ce qui mènerait à une mention d'échec pour tous les cours qui n'auront pas été suivis au trimestre d'hiver 2012.	fr-CA
Après les spécialistes la veille, les médecins de famille ont à leur tour, mardi, réservé un accueil glacial au projet de loi 10 du ministre de la Santé, Gaétan Barrette.	fr-CA
Le député de Winnipeg-Centre Pat Martin a affirmé qu'il ne voyait aucun problème à ce qu'un employé de l'État porte même un «sac de papier» sur la tête.	fr-CA
«Le juge militaire a erré en droit en soumettant la défense de croyance sincère, mais erronée au consentement à l'appréciation du comité», est-il notamment écrit dans l'avis d'appel datant de mercredi.	fr-CA
Fierté Montréal a pour objectif de souligner de façon festive les avancements réalisés par la communauté LGBT, tout en sensibilisant la population aux différentes inégalités qui persistent.	fr-CA
En mai, l'UNHCR a demandé à plusieurs pays, dont le Canada, de trouver une place pour 100 000 réfugiés syriens.	fr-CA
L'ami et chauffeur occasionnel du maire s'est présenté en cour, vendredi matin, et a été libéré en échange d'une caution de 5000 $, pour laquelle son père Antonio Lisi s'est porté garant.	fr-CA
À l'époque, les politiciens avaient dit vouloir éviter qu'un autre fraudeur montréalais, Earl Jones, bénéficie de la même mesure.	fr-CA
Pierre-Hugues Boisvenu a jusqu'à présent admis qu'il a commis «une erreur» en réclamant des frais de déplacement pour se rendre au chevet de sa mère souffrante, aujourd'hui décédée.	fr-CA
Elle s'est aussi félicitée de son contrôle des dépenses, même si elle a haussé sa cible initiale ambitieuse, de 2,3 à 3,7%.	fr-CA
À L'Isle-Verte, les services aux personnes survivantes et aux familles des victimes demeurent disponibles, tant pour ceux et celles qui désirent se confier que pour les autres qui souhaitent être accompagnés pour leurs réclamations ou pour remplir différents formulaires.	fr-CA
Il y a des situations précaires qui ont fait les journaux et certaines organisations ne veulent pas que ça se reproduise.»	fr-CA
Quand, après avoir vu ses parents se séparer, un enfant décide de rompre lui aussi en rejetant son père ou sa mère.	fr-CA
Rappelons que le sud-ouest de cette province et la région de Calgary ont été frappés par des inondations records en juin.	fr-CA
Elle ajoute que, contrairement à la CLASSE, la fédération qui la représente mise trop sur la discussion et pas assez sur le rapport de force dans l'actuel conflit.	fr-CA
«Les poutrelles qui soutiennent les sections de paralumes [...], il y en avait certaines qui étaient endommagées, a indiqué Caroline Larose, porte-parole du MTQ.	fr-CA
Mais sur le terrain, des planificateurs financiers, médiateurs familiaux et avocats en droit de la famille affirment que ce n'est pas toujours le cas.	fr-CA
Le maire a encore quatre mois devant lui d'ici les élections du 27 octobre pour tenter d'imposer sa deuxième marque de commerce: l'image du maire qui réduit les dépenses de la Ville.	fr-CA
Alors que la Coalition large de l'Association pour une solidarité syndicale étudiante (CLASSE) entend continuer de militer pour la gratuité scolaire, la FEUQ, elle, appelle à une accalmie des moyens de pression.	fr-CA
«Cette restriction serait la source de nombreux conflits de relations du travail et générerait, à coup sûr, des contestations très coûteuses», lit-on dans une copie du mémoire, datée de décembre, qui n'exige rien de moins que le retrait de l'article litigieux.	fr-CA
Vers 2 h 15, les policiers se sont rendus dans un immeuble du chemin de la Côte-Vertu, près de la rue Beaulac, pour une alarme au cambriolage.	fr-CA
Enfin, plusieurs postes étaient vacants en début d'année, ce qui a également forcé le SPL à demander à certains de ses agents de prolonger leurs quarts de travail pour combler les trous.	fr-CA
Mardi matin, en marchant sur le boulevard Saint-Laurent, Anson Duran a eu la surprise d'apprendre que sa candidature dans la circonscription de Gouin avait été «retirée».	fr-CA
On a vu Léo Bureau-Blouin éviter à tout prix le sujet de la gratuité scolaire, même s'il en avait le mandat de ses associations membres.	fr-CA
Le ministre Bergeron s'est évertué à défendre l'indépendance de la Commission que dirigera l'ancien ministre péquiste Serge Ménard aux côtés de Mme Carbonneau et de l'ex-juge Bernard Grenier.	fr-CA
Le ministre Fournier a ajouté que « quiconque va être heureux » de voir des citoyens s'intéresser aux recommandations de la Commission Charbonneau.	fr-CA
Le bureau du ministre des Affaires étrangères, John Baird, a confirmé que cette dernière responsabilité incombe au Bureau de représentation du Canada auprès de l'Autorité palestinienne.	fr-CA
Keystone XL, qui suscite une vive opposition au sud de la frontière, en acheminerait environ 60 000 de moins jusqu'au sud des États-Unis; Northern Gateway tablerait sur 525 000 barils par jour; et même TransCanada, qui entend transporter du brut jusqu'au Nouveau-Brunswick en passant par le Québec, n'a jusqu'ici évoqué qu'une capacité d'environ 850 000 barils.	fr-CA
Mais la Cour fédérale avait infirmé par la suite cette décision, tout comme la Cour d'appel, ce qui a mené M. Wilson jusqu'en Cour suprême, qui lui donne raison.	fr-CA
L'ex-ministre libéral et ancien vice-président au développement des affaires au sein de la firme de génie-conseil a poursuivi son témoignage à la commission Charbonneau aujourd'hui de façon tortueuse et en tentant souvent d'esquiver les questions du procureur en répondant de façon évasive.	fr-CA
Gilles Laporte, qui a été élu par acclamation, est un spécialiste de l'histoire du XIXe siècle québécois.	fr-CA
Il n'a pas été établi pour l'instant si les autres entreprises devaient verser une part équivalente de leur contrat au clan Rizzuto.	fr-CA
Cette dernière a également souligné qu'«il y a des tout croches des deux côtés: des employeurs qui donnent des pots-de-vin pour s'assurer que leur business fonctionne et des individus qui encerclent, menacent, intimident pour faire rouler leur business syndicale.	fr-CA
La Commission sur l'eau et l'environnement de Montréal a étudié cet hiver le nouveau règlement sur les foyers et les poêles au bois devant remplacer celui adopté en 2009.	fr-CA
Selon la D^re Roy, Magnotta avait fait un «transfert amoureux» sur l'infirmier, car celui-ci était gentil et le complimentait parfois sur ses vêtements.	fr-CA
Maria Joao Lourenco, propriétaire de Mavi, restaurant portugais fréquenté par la faune étudiante, parle de Côte-des-Neiges comme du « meilleur quartier » de Montréal.	fr-CA
Selon l'AMT, «plus de 4700 clients empruntent quotidiennement la ligne Mascouche depuis sa mise en service», le 1er décembre 2014.	fr-CA
Celui-ci rappelle que l'article 2.1 avait été ajouté au règlement P-6 en mai 2012, mais n'a été utilisé pour la première fois que le 17 mars 2013.	fr-CA
Il a rendu hommage au directeur du parti, Sylvain Tanguay qui a annoncé sa démission et quittera ses fonctions après une période de transition, à la fin juin.	fr-CA
23h30 Sur les médias sociaux, de nombreux internautes affirment ne pas avoir entendu l'annonce lorsque les policiers ont déclaré la manifestation illégale.	fr-CA
5 Vous étiez en poste comme directeur général au moment où Frank Zampino était président du comité exécutif de la Ville.	fr-CA
Si l'exercice a été bénéfique sur le plan de la circulation des informations, selon M. McQueen, «on ne peut pas dire que la population s'est sentie écoutée et que ses suggestions étaient prises en compte».	fr-CA
En 2005, les étudiants et les cégépiens sont descendus dans la rue pour protester contre des coupes de 103 millions dans le régime de bourses.	fr-CA
Elle a demandé que le gouvernement retire ses amendes de 800 000$ imposées à la suite de la grève du 22 mai.	fr-CA
Le ministre des Anciens combattants, Erin O'Toole, affirme que le changement, annoncé vendredi à Halifax, vise à offrir aux réservistes - qui ont formé plus de 25 % de la mission canadienne en Afghanistan - le respect qu'ils méritent.	fr-CA
Elle a donné un coup de volant à droite et elle a fait des tonneaux», raconte un camionneur qui suivait.	fr-CA
On ne tue pas quelqu'un comme Joe Di Maulo sans avoir les reins et les appuis suffisamment solides pour être en mesure de prendre les rênes de la mafia à Montréal.	fr-CA
«Dans un débat sur l'avenir du Québec, les partis de l'opposition devraient apporter une grande contribution», croit le Star.	fr-CA
Un défilé se déploiera à compter de 13 h le 24 juin à Montréal sous le thème «Le Québec, une terre où il fait bon vivre!»	fr-CA
Les agents de l'immigration peuvent diriger un tel visiteur vers un médecin de l'immigration américaine au Canada afin de s'assurer qu'il n'est pas toxicomane, a précisé M. Green.	fr-CA
La FTQ-Construction craint que la Commission Charbonneau ne porte un blâme à son égard ou à l'endroit d'un de ses syndicats affiliés, ce qui a amené son représentant à réclamer le statut de participant pendant les audiences publiques.	fr-CA
Chose certaine, le conflit a changé le rapport de force dans le secteur des médias, déplore Pierre Roger, de la FNC, qui représente également les journalistes de La Presse.	fr-CA
Doncar a été ciblée par l'Unité anticollusion parce qu'elle a réalisé des travaux pour une municipalité de la couronne nord de Montréal bien qu'elle ait été disqualifiée du processus d'appel d'offres.	fr-CA
Construction de 64 bases de lampadaires des deux côtés de la rue, entre l'A15 et la rue de Dublin, et reconstruction de cheminées de puits d'accès aux intersections des rues Charlevoix et d'Hibernia.	fr-CA
Depuis Rimouski, le premier ministre Philippe Couillard a renchéri, rappelant que «le Québec est la société la plus endettée d'Amérique du Nord» et qu'il fallait donc agir pour rétablir la situation.	fr-CA
«Il y a certainement eu de l'ingérence, parce qu'ils nous ont rencontrés spécifiquement sur la nomination du nouveau président», a déclaré le comptable Marc Bruneau.	fr-CA
Seul changement, les 967 millionssupplémentaires qu'on prévoyait injecter dans les universités d'ici 2017 prendraient deux ans de plus à être versés.	fr-CA
Deux ministres du gouvernement Marois ont été contredits par un document qui a refait surface, jeudi, dans lequel l'ancien sous-ministre aux Transports Florent Gagné, maintenant responsable de la tutelle de Laval, soutient avoir pris seul la décision de ne pas référer un cas de collusion à la police.	fr-CA
Le gouvernement Marois tiendra compte des critiques sévères formulées par l'ancien premier ministre Jacques Parizeau, en rédigeant la mouture finale de sa controversée charte des valeurs, attendue cet automne.	fr-CA
Au dire de la police, Garland, âgé de 54 ans, a été interrogé la fin de semaine dernière en lien avec les disparitions et des policiers passent toujours au peigne fin la propriété rurale de ses parents au nord de Calgary.	fr-CA
Celle-ci est protégée par un second niveau de clôture, non drapé de noir, et que nous n'avons pu franchir pour ne pas nuire à cette recherche de preuves qui pourraient mener au dépôt d'accusations criminelles.	fr-CA
Sur Facebook, l'une de ces jeunes femmes le félicite et ajoute: «Moi aussi, je travaille pour l'avoir, ma belle BMW Visalus.»	fr-CA
Contrairement à une idée reçue, la discrimination est encore plus forte pour les emplois non spécialisés: le taux de discrimination est de 42,1% pour les noms à consonance africaine et de 35,1% pour les noms à consonance arabe.	fr-CA
Souvent, c'est le cabinet du premier ministre qui choisit les chefs de cabinet, mais Mme Courchesne avait tenu à garder cet organisateur venu du Parti libéral du Canada.	fr-CA
Sur d'autres images, la soldate Lynndie England se trouve devant des détenus entravés, menacés par des chiens, contraints de se masturber ou empilés comme des objets.	fr-CA
Sur la dénonciation contre le quatuor, un document judiciaire rédigé par la Direction des poursuites criminelles et pénales, un de ces pirates était identifié comme étant Yagé Beaudoin, 23 ans, un jeune homme sans casier judiciaire.	fr-CA
«Limiter le nombre de mandats, ça équivaut à demander aux lois de faire notre travail comme citoyens.	fr-CA
En fin de compte, même le PQ a mis la main à la pâte pour faire adopter le projet sans bâillon.	fr-CA
Sept personnes arrêtées vont pouvoir reprendre leur liberté dans l'attente de leur procès, mais les policiers vont leur imposer une série de conditions à respecter, notamment l'interdiction d'entrer en communication les uns avec les autres ou avec les témoins de leur procès à venir.	fr-CA
La CSN, la FTQ, ainsi que la CLASSE et l'Association québécoise de lutte à la pollution atmosphérique (AQLPA) ont occupé la tribune du Sommet des peuples, qui se tient en parallèle de la Conférence de l'ONU.	fr-CA
Le ministre de l'Immigration, Jason Kenney, a annoncé des changements au programme d'aides familiaux résidants, qui permet aux familles canadiennes d'embaucher des travailleurs étrangers pour prendre soin d'enfants ou de personnes âgées.	fr-CA
La Commission d'examen des plaintes concernant la police militaire a déposé mardi son rapport sur l'enquête de l'armée à la suite du décès du soldat Langridge, âgé de 28 ans.	fr-CA
Ils sont depuis en médiation pour régler les détails concernant leurs enfants, Romy, 7 ans, et Thomas, qui aura 11 ans dans quelques jours.	fr-CA
Au lieu que les parties en litige se livrent à un «magasinage» d'experts jusqu'à ce qu'elles en trouvent chacune un qui accrédite leurs thèses respectives, c'est le tribunal qui devrait en désigner un commun aux deux parties, recommande l'Association.	fr-CA
La Sûreté du Québec (SQ) est une police politique, parce que son directeur général «est le seul chef de police au Canada à être nommé directement par le gouvernement», déclarait le député caquiste Jacques Duchesneau dans une entrevue à La Presse le 22 février dernier.	fr-CA
Québec solidaire, stable à 10% depuis trois mois, baisse subitement à 7%, contribuant à l'impulsion du Parti québécois.	fr-CA
C'est ce que le candidat libéral Martin Coîteux a affirmé à la presse, au lendemain de révélations faites par Radio-Canada à ce sujet.	fr-CA
Par ailleurs, les leaders de l'OTAN ont accepté, vendredi, la création d'une force de réaction rapide dont le quartier général se trouvera en Europe de l'Est et qui pourra se mobiliser rapidement si un membre de l'Alliance est attaqué dans la région.	fr-CA
«Les informations recueillies par les enquêteurs ont mené à l'arrestation d'un homme de 43 ans», a expliqué Jean-Pierre Brabant, porte-parole au Service de police de la Ville de Montréal (SPVM).	fr-CA
(Québec) Philippe Couillard a pris ses distances du gouvernement Charest dont il était membre, jeudi, après l'arrestation de l'ancienne vice-première ministre Nathalie Normandeau.	fr-CA
Or, selon nos informations, la firme CGI avait été avisée bien avant, soit au début de l'été, qu'elle n'aurait pas ce contrat.	fr-CA
Les députés et sénateurs conservateurs se réunissent dans la pièce 253-C de l'édifice du centre pour discuter des priorités du gouvernement.	fr-CA
Le gouvernement Couillard s'inquiète de la portée du projet de loi fédérale antiterrorisme C-51 et déplore l'approche unilatérale d'Ottawa dans ce dossier.	fr-CA
Il a aussi soutenu qu'il n'y avait pas suffisance de preuve pour démontrer que sa cliente était mêlée à une affaire de trafic de cocaïne.	fr-CA
«Le Bloc a perdu les nationalistes, les Québécois qui se disent nationalistes mais qui sont à l'aise dans le Canada.	fr-CA
Au moment de ses délibérations, le jury devrait laisser de côté les rapports d'experts, se calmer, relaxer, regarder la preuve et entrer dans la tête de Luka Rocco Magnotta.	fr-CA
Ni en 2003 ni en 2010, les syndicats n'ont mis sur la table l'option de la grève dès la fin des contrats de travail.	fr-CA
Elle n'avait pas été accusée, mais avait dû signer un engagement de garder la paix et de ne pas communiquer avec les policiers de son service.	fr-CA
Certaines firmes de génie et entreprises de construction ont manoeuvré entre elles pour obtenir des faux extras de la Ville de Laval.	fr-CA
Les annonces de candidatures permettent à M. Legault de stimuler le financement de son parti: chaque candidat doit amasser au moins de 10 000$ à 25 000$ pour la campagne électorale.	fr-CA
Devant la crainte de voir les visiteurs d'ici et d'ailleurs déserter les chambres d'hôtel, les restaurants et les attractions de la métropole, Mme Ménard n'exclut pas la possibilité de lancer une vaste campagne promotionnelle pour vanter les mérites de Montréal et même du Québec au complet.	fr-CA
Les deux porte-parole de Québec solidaire, Françoise David et Amir Khadir, étaient aussi de la partie, ainsi que le maire de Montréal, Denis Coderre.	fr-CA
Ce projet de loi abrogeait la portion du registre des armes à feu portant sur les armes à feu sans restriction, comme les armes de chasse.	fr-CA
M. Bergeron s'est dit fier de ces nominations, auxquelles s'ajoute celle d'Érika Duchesne comme conseillère associée aux sports et aux loisirs.	fr-CA
La CAQ affirme qu'il faudrait investir 80 millions $ pour mettre en place son certificat d'accompagnement transitoire, dont 5 millions $ pour les cours d'intégration, 50 millions $ et 15 millions $ pour accélérer le traitement des demandes d'immigration, pour lesquelles M. Legault souhaite considérablement réduire le délai de réponse, à trois mois.	fr-CA
La circulation des policiers dans la tour de bureaux où loge Morrow Communications n'est pas passée inaperçue.	fr-CA
Mais il se fâche lorsqu'on insiste pour connaître sa version de l'histoire: l'épaisse vitre qui sépare les prisonniers des visiteurs devient constellée de ses postillons à mesure que la colère monte en lui.	fr-CA
La vidéo tournée en caméra cachée par Mercy for Animals Canada et diffusée à l'émission «W5», sur les ondes de CTV, montre des poules entassées dans des cages et des poussins frappés violemment par des travailleurs avant d'être jetés dans des sacs à ordures.	fr-CA
Si on n'a pas de date, on laisse l'industrie de la construction dans le vide jusqu'en février, à la rentrée parlementaire.	fr-CA
Au sein du bureau de l'inspecteur général, il aura la tâche de diriger les équipes d'enquête, d'assurer la collection et la gestion des renseignements.	fr-CA
Des documents judiciaires révèlent que M. Garland, 54 ans, a un passé criminel en lien avec la drogue et le vol d'identité.	fr-CA
« Il y a une telle amnésie des bons moments que les enfants pensent que les photos ont été truquées », précise sa consoeur Francine Cyr, professeure à l'Université de Montréal.	fr-CA
Hier à l'Île-du-Prince-Édouard, pour célébrer le 50^e anniversaire du plus célèbre discours de Martin Luther King, M. Trudeau a fait un lien indirect entre les anciens États américains ségrégationnistes et le projet de charte péquiste.	fr-CA
Il a fait parler de lui en janvier 2004 quand l'administration a accordé au consortium Acropole un contrat de 750 000 $, dont la moitié à Communications Jean Battah.	fr-CA
Revenu après une éclipse de quatre ans de la vie politique, Philippe Couillard parle d'un «ressourcement», mais les militants n'y croient pas, selon M. Moreau.	fr-CA
L'homme d'affaires Tony Accurso, arrêté par l'Escouade Marteau de la SQ à la suite d'une enquête anticorruption à Masouche, a obtenu aujourd'hui la permission de récupérer son passeport afin de pouvoir voyager à l'étranger dans l'attente de son procès.	fr-CA
Le président de Génius, Michel Lalonde, a par ailleurs présenté ce matin devant la commission Charbonneau une liste des contrats décrochés par Génius de 2001 à 2009.	fr-CA
Sa «loi 1» permettrait de renforcer l'expertise du ministère des Transports, dont plusieurs projets ont été minés par des dépassements de coûts depuis quelques années.	fr-CA
De son côté, la SDSVM a fait, elle aussi, son premier bilan pour le pôle de services.	fr-CA
Questionné sur le sujet par les journalistes à son arrivée au conseil municipal, il s'est contenté de répondre que le dossier du train de banlieue était plus important.	fr-CA
C'est en tout cas la question que le psychiatre Joel Watts a posée à M. Magnotta lors de l'une des rencontres tenues dans le cadre de l'évaluation sur sa responsabilité criminelle.	fr-CA
Le chef libéral Justin Trudeau a indiqué au cours des dernières semaines qu'il pourrait annuler cette mesure s'il prend le pouvoir aux prochaines élections.	fr-CA
Le candidat dans Rivière-du-Loup-Témiscouata, Michel Lagacé, a affirmé que le 7 avril, «on choisit un retour à la corruption ou on renforce le Québec et le Bas-Saint-Laurent».	fr-CA
La nouvelle entreprise achète - en deux transactions -  neuf habitations du nouveau projet Faubourg Boisbriand, dans la ville du même nom.	fr-CA
M. Trudeau s'était alors aussi engagé à modifier la manière dont les sénateurs sont nommés au Sénat, s'il est élu premier ministre à la prochaine élection.	fr-CA
Il a rapporté que la police avait vaporisé du gaz poivré sur des dizaines de personnes après 9 h 30, alors qu'il arrivait sur les lieux accompagné du chef et du conseil de la nation Elsipogtog.	fr-CA
Mais à l'issue de l'entretien, l'homme lance une bombe : Benoit Roberge donnait à Charlebois des informations privilégiées «soit l'identité de source, d'agent civil d'infiltration, de témoin repenti et d'enquête en cours», et qu'il a même des enregistrements pour le prouver.	fr-CA
C'est en 1986 que Paul Desmarais tente à nouveau d'étendre son emprise sur les médias canadiens, une industrie dans laquelle il piétine tandis qu'il gagne du galon dans les secteurs financiers d'ici et d'Europe.	fr-CA
Le ministre de la Santé, Réjean Hébert, a depuis promis que ces coupes n'auraient pas d'impact sur les soins prodigués aux patients.	fr-CA
D'après la police, sa mère, Lacey Spears, s'est servie de son tube pour lui injecter d'énormes quantités de sel, qui l'ont empoisonné.	fr-CA
Selon lui, les Québécois doivent se prononcer sur deux enjeux fondamentaux : l'économie et le « type de société » qu'ils veulent, dénonçant le « climat de violence et d'intimidation » qui a marqué le conflit étudiant.	fr-CA
Au contraire, a fait valoir le ministre de la Justice Peter MacKay, «le gouvernement a déposé des modifications à portée déclaratoire à la Loi sur la Cour suprême, et ce, sans apporter de modifications à la loi actuelle».	fr-CA
Le premier ministre a ajouté qu'il faut parfois du courage et des sacrifices personnels pour mener à bien des tâches souvent jugées ingrates.	fr-CA
La volonté du Parti libéral de garder le crucifix à l'Assemblée nationale rapportera des votes dans les circonscriptions rurales.	fr-CA
Une autre manifestation s'est déroulée vendredi, en soirée, et avait pour but d'appuyer les 18 personnes arrêtées plus tôt dans la journée.	fr-CA
Luc Leclerc agissait à titre de représentant de cette entreprise qui obtient de nombreux contrats d'infrastructures, notamment à la Ville de Montréal.	fr-CA
Compte tenu de l'opposition appréhendée des libéraux et des caquistes aux mesures budgétaires que dévoilera M. Marceau, la première ministre pourrait demander au lieutenant-gouverneur de dissoudre la Chambre - et déclencher les hostilités électorales - avant même que le budget ne soit soumis au vote de l'Assemblée nationale.	fr-CA
Quant à la surtaxe de 30 % sur le « surprofit », elle ne s'appliquerait qu'aux rendements pharaoniques de 50 à 100 %, selon le nouveau scénario.	fr-CA
Des représentants ont obtenu cette semaine une rencontre avec des membres du centre de traitement-pilote des dossiers d'immigration à Ottawa.	fr-CA
Selon M. Cadieux, donc, Mme Thériault tente de régler le conflit en raison des besoins qui se feront ressentir sur le terrain dès l'automne, mais également parce qu'une élection pourrait avoir lieu sous peu.	fr-CA
Mme Meunier est donc restée seule avec cinq enfants âgés de 2 à 10 ans - les quatre siens, issus d'une relation précédente, et le fils de M. Bastien, Jérémy.	fr-CA
Le ministre des Transports attend pour sa part une étude de faisabilité pour le prolongement de la ligne bleue du métro jusqu'à Anjou.	fr-CA
M. Treusch a aussi donné l'assurance que les autorités canadiennes ne cherchent pas à savoir qui a remis cette liste au Consortium international de journalistes d'enquête (CIJE), dont fait partie CBC/Radio-Canada.	fr-CA
M. Legault accuse le gouvernement Charest d'avoir sciemment entretenu le conflit étudiant afin de détourner l'attention des allégations de corruption qui pèsent sur lui.	fr-CA
Comme dans Lévis en octobre, les électeurs «vont avoir la chance de le dire à Philippe Couillard: dans Richelieu, se faire remplir, on n'aime pas ça!»	fr-CA
Le commissaire Renaud Lachance lui a alors demandé si, à sa connaissance, un politicien peut user de sa discrétion politique pour écarter un entrepreneur.	fr-CA
Dans les années 90, elle a tenté à deux reprises de se faire élire sur la scène provinciale en Alberta pour le NPD.	fr-CA
«Je n'aurais pas pu accomplir ce que nous avons fait pour la Ville sans lui (...) Toronto a besoin de Doug Ford comme maire», a-t-il déclaré.	fr-CA
Le ministre de la Santé, Hugh Flemming, qui occupe aussi les fonctions de procureur général, a refusé de commenter, jeudi, évoquant des procédures en cours devant les tribunaux.	fr-CA
M. Tinawi a montré quatre photos des diplômés en anglais de l'Université du Caire, publiées par la militante anti-islamiste Nonie Darwish.	fr-CA
Selon lui, le refus par le gouvernement Couillard d'assumer ses obligations ouvre toute grande la porte à ce qu'Ottawa le fasse à sa place.	fr-CA
Il propose en outre d'amender la Charte des droits et libertés de la personne pour proscrire formellement «le déni à répétition» des valeurs québécoises - égalité homme-femme, respect de l'orientation sexuelle, démocratie, etc.	fr-CA
Ces protocoles pourraient toutefois être revus afin d'écourter les délais donnés aux entreprises fautives et divulguer de manière plus proactive l'information, a soutenu M. Blanchet la semaine dernière.	fr-CA
Hier, notre enquête a fait état de l'emprise psychologique du chef du groupe La Source surses membres.	fr-CA
Mais quant à savoir si le brasier a été causé par un court-circuit, une défaillance d'un appareil électrique ou autre cause, on ne le saura pas: la destruction considérable des lieux a empêché les enquêteurs en incendie de le déterminer.	fr-CA
Selon plusieurs experts, certaines patientes doivent parfois attendre jusqu'à trois mois avant d'être opérées, même si la cible gouvernementale en matière de cancer est de quatre semaines après le diagnostic.	fr-CA
Elle a décoché quelques flèches contre le gouvernement Harper, mais beaucoup moins que l'hiver dernier, alors qu'elle en faisait un de ses principaux adversaires.	fr-CA
Les procureurs de la commission Charbonneau ont dit mercredi à la Cour supérieure qu'ils ne comprennent pas pourquoi la GRC a subitement décidé de ne leur remettre aucun document de l'opération antimafia Colisée, tandis qu'au départ, elle se montrait tout à fait disposée à collaborer.	fr-CA
Cependant, Richard Fadden ne peut garantir que le sous-lieutenant Jeffrey Delisle sera le dernier initié à trahir des secrets délicats.	fr-CA
Mais n'essayez surtout pas de faire dire à Johane Dufour qu'être parent d'athlète exige des efforts supplémentaires.	fr-CA
«Nous les Cris, nous ne sommes pas qu'un simple groupe d'intervenants, pour notre territoire d'Eeyou Istchee, a-t-il dit.	fr-CA
Sans contrat de travail depuis le 31 décembre, les employés de la Sépaq avaient entrepris différents moyens de pression.	fr-CA
Mais, dans les faits, la campagne s'ouvrira dès la fin de la session parlementaire de juin 2015, ce qui donnera au gouvernement de Stephen Harper près de quatre mois pour convaincre les électeurs de lui accorder un quatrième mandat.	fr-CA
La Presse révèle ensuite que Frank Zampino, président du comité exécutif de la Ville de Montréal, est lui aussi allé en croisière sur le yacht de M. Accurso en janvier 2007, alors que la Ville s'apprêtait à accorder le plus important contrat de son histoire, celui des compteurs d'eau, à une de ses entreprises et à la firme d'ingénieurs Dessau.	fr-CA
Cependant, ces grands froids ont provoqué la mise en place de mesures visant à réduire la circulation sur les principaux ponts de Montréal, où plusieurs accrochages ont été rapportés tard jeudi soir.	fr-CA
Les cônes orange et les panneaux de circulation ont été basculés au milieu des rues pour ralentir les policiers qui suivaient l'événement.	fr-CA
Bien, peut-être que ça se justifierait de dire: "Non, on ferme le dossier, mais maintenant, on ne paiera plus jamais ce type de frais là!"»	fr-CA
Cette fois, les nouvelles informations confirment que les autorités carcérales et policières savaient que Denis Lefebvre, Yves Denis et Serge Pomerleau préparaient un complot d'évasion, comme l'ont écrit La Presse et Le Soleil la semaine dernière.	fr-CA
Les députés caquistes Nathalie Roy et Christian Dubé ont écrit hier au président du Conseil du trésor, Martin Coiteux, en réaction aux récentes révélations de La Presse sur une faille dans l'application de la Loi sur l'intégrité à Montréal.	fr-CA
Le 15 août 2014, le juge Gary D. D. Morrison de la cour Supérieur avait condamné Eddy Savoie à verser 200 000$ en dommages punitifs et environ 100 000$ en honoraires extrajudiciaires et en dommages moraux à Mme Thériault-Martel.	fr-CA
Le juriste a d'ailleurs formulé le souhait que la justice se lance aussi aux trousses des responsables gouvernementaux qui ont levé les yeux pendant des années sur les pratiques délinquantes de la MMA.	fr-CA
Derrière ces deux succès se cache André Dupuy, producteur chez Pixcom, une boîte qui vient de vivre une «année d'exception».	fr-CA
Des militants de longue date, Yves Lessard et Jean-Pierre Tadros, ont manifesté leur intérêt en sondant les membres du bureau de direction de l'association.	fr-CA
À Montréal, la première ministre Pauline Marois a renchéri pour affirmer que le gouvernement ne céderait pas sur les signes religieux.	fr-CA
S'il avait accepté trop vite de rencontrer Mme Spence, cela aurait pu être considéré comme un désaveu de ses ministres.	fr-CA
Avec ces nouvelles réductions, «il est clair que l'industrie du médicament générique au Québec ne s'en va nulle part», affirme-t-il.	fr-CA
Mais voilà, justement en raison de la pluie, les experts n'ont pas trouvé des traces de freinage ou de dérapage au sol, si bien qu'ils ne peuvent évaluer la vitesse à laquelle roulait le véhicule.	fr-CA
Après s'être longtemps opposé à la diffusion de l'écoute électronique dont il a fait l'objet, le président de la FTQ, Michel Arsenault, a été durement malmené par les extraits finalement entendus hier à la commission Charbonneau.	fr-CA
Il a promis de confier ses actifs à une fiducie sans droit de regard et promet de respecter les possibles demandes supplémentaires du commissaire.	fr-CA
Le MTQ, en somme, fera l'objet d'une « attention très particulière » de la part de son gouvernement.	fr-CA
Les conventions collectives des quelque 430 000 employés de l'État viennent à échéance le 31 mars 2015.	fr-CA
Les automobilistes qui arrivent du pont Champlain ou du sud de la métropole par l'autoroute 15 Nord seront privés d'un accès direct vers le centre-ville et vers l'ouest de l'île de Montréal pendant plus de deux mois, en raison des travaux de réfection prévus dans deux bretelles de l'échangeur Turcot.	fr-CA
La chronique qu'elle tient toutes les deux semaines dans le Toronto Star depuis un an permet d'avoir un aperçu de ses prises de positions à l'égard de cette région du monde déchirée par les conflits.	fr-CA
L'avis s'ajoute aux arguments du Barreau du Québec, de l'ONU et de tous les organismes sans but lucratif qui ont publiquement annoncé une position similaire à la leur sur le sujet.	fr-CA
Selon M. Stewart, aucun montant publicitaire ne «réduira les émissions de gaz à effet de serre, nettoiera les lacs toxiques ou n'agira correctement avec les Premières Nations touchées».	fr-CA
«Il n'a jamais fourni cette preuve documentaire et n'a donc pas appuyé son affirmation, ce qui nous laisse croire qu'il ne dit pas la vérité sur ce point», peut-on lire dans le rapport de la CEIC.	fr-CA
« On n'est pas au neutre », s'est défendu Jean Charest en conférence de presse à Val-d'Or, vendredi.	fr-CA
Arrêté mardi pour possession de pot, bris de condition et entrave au travail d'un policier du SPVM, Dany Villanueva a pu reprendre sa liberté dans l'attente de son procès aujourd'hui.	fr-CA
La mère de famille qui aurait empoisonné sa fille de sept ans aux médicaments, et tenté de se tuer de la même façon, cette semaine, à Laval, aurait aussi maltraité ses deux fils aînés dans le passé.	fr-CA
Interrogé à ce sujet en point de presse, M. Rae a simplement indiqué qu'il veut forcer le gouvernement Harper à rendre des comptes.	fr-CA
John Baird et les conservateurs en général avaient essuyé des critiques, au printemps dernier, lorsqu'ils ont exclu l'opposition d'un voyage à Kiev, au coeur de la crise ukrainienne.	fr-CA
Le document de 97 pages a été réalisé par une firme de recherche en marketing, à la demande d'Imperial Tobacco.	fr-CA
Cela est le cas depuis des années, souligne-t-il, à cause notamment d'une culture différente chez les anglophones et les francophones.	fr-CA
Le juge Michael Code, de la Cour supérieure de l'Ontario, doit commencer à livrer ses directives aux jurés vendredi.	fr-CA
À la demande de la procureure de la Couronne Maria Albanese, M. Julien a sorti d'un sac la chemise que Guy Turcotte portait le soir du drame.	fr-CA
Le local, situé au 2200 boulevard Industriel, est loué par une compagnie qui appartient au propriétaire de la bâtisse, Gérard Thibeault, mais serait occupé par des motards qui en auraient fait le nouveau foyer du chapitre récemment ressuscité des Hells Angels de Montréal, a révélé La Presse il y a un mois.	fr-CA
La députée est intervenue au moment de l'étude d'un projet de loi sur les travailleurs agricoles alors qu'elle est actionnaire d'une ferme maraîchère, Les Gestions Chou-Bec, et d'un vignoble.	fr-CA
Un porte-parole du ministre de la Défense, Peter MacKay, a toutefois déclaré que le gouvernement avait demandé au ministère de s'assurer que chaque dollar versé par les contribuables était bien employé et que les modifications rendraient les Forces canadiennes plus efficaces.	fr-CA
Cette fin de semaine, deux lieutenants de la Coalition avenir Québec (CAQ), François Bonnardel et Gérard Deltell, se sont déclarés favorables à l'idée de rebaptiser le pont Champlain au nom du célèbre hockeyeur.	fr-CA
Ernst & Young a donc contesté, avec succès, la transaction de 2003 entre Simoneau et Lacroix parce que la valeur du bien acquis était de loin inférieure au prix payé.	fr-CA
Il aurait vu une personne de la communauté en frapper une autre au visage, car elle refusait de porter les épaisseurs de vêtements noirs parce que réservés aux femmes.	fr-CA
Le Parti québécois depuis des années, et j'en ai ras le bol, garde les Québécois dans un monde de fantaisie imaginaire, un monde d'illusion qui n'a absolument rien à voir avec la réalité.	fr-CA
La Presse avait révélé que le trafiquant se plaisait à s'afficher avec eux et à leur rendre toutes sortes de services.	fr-CA
Si on donne de nouveaux pouvoirs aux policiers avec une loi, faudrait-il consentir à une telle enquête pour rassurer les manifestants?	fr-CA
Le nouveau directeur général, Jacques Turgeon, est professeur titulaire à la Faculté de pharmacie de l'Université de Montréal.	fr-CA
Il a dit que ces commentaires étaient «tout à fait inacceptables» en plus d'être «inappropriés» et «offensants».	fr-CA
En profond désaccord, le Directeur des poursuites criminelles et pénales (DPCP) a demandé à la Cour supérieure de revoir cette décision, et le juge Martin Vauclair lui a donné raison le 15 avril dernier.	fr-CA
Le scénario SLR «de base» prévoit un train léger de type SLR entre le centre-ville et Dorval (voir la carte) avec une antenne vers l'aéroport.	fr-CA
Pour avoir une chance de voir la loi modifiée, le commerçant doit recueillir 87 000 signatures d'ici à la fin de l'année 2013 afin d'inscrire sa question référendaire à l'élection de mi-mandat de 2014.	fr-CA
Le SPVM a indiqué à La Presse hier qu'aucune arrestation n'a encore été effectuée et qu'aucun suspect n'a été identifié en ce qui concerne cette dernière vague de vandalisme.	fr-CA
Il a reproché au maire Demers «d'agir imprudemment, à la fois comme juge et parti, sans attendre les résultats des enquêtes».	fr-CA
Mais au-delà de ses condamnations pour violences et possession de drogue, la GRC a reconnu qu'elle n'avait pas d'information liant Zehaf Bibeau à un groupe extrémiste au moment où il a fait sa demande de passeport.	fr-CA
Le porte-parole péquiste en matière de sécurité publique, Pascal Bérubé, a fait valoir de son côté qu'il fallait mettre le processus en branle rapidement.	fr-CA
La FTQ-Construction a déposé sa plainte devant le Bureau international du travail contre la loi qui abolit le placement syndical.	fr-CA
Même si je ne peux pas présumer de la suite des choses, c'est une satisfaction, car j'ai hésité à aller à la police pour me plaindre», a affirmé Sophie Durocher, selon ce que rapporte TVA.	fr-CA
Les chances d'un Canadien condamné à mort au Montana d'échapper à la peine capitale s'amoindrissent de façon considérable.	fr-CA
Au cours de l'opération, les lignes verte et orange ont été fermées, ce qui a duré une dizaine de minutes.	fr-CA
M. Delisle confie à M. Lord que l'arme lui a été donnée il y a longtemps, lorsqu'il chassait les oiseaux migrateurs.	fr-CA
L'absence de deux influents membres en règle - Mario Brouillette et Michel Lajoie-Smith - a toutefois été remarquée.	fr-CA
La mairesse de Lac-Mégantic, Colette Roy-Laroche, a spécifié jeudi dernier qu'environ 40% des sols imbibés de pétrole avaient été excavés et entreposés jusqu'à présent, et qu'il faudrait vraisemblablement compter un minimum de 18 mois pour parachever les travaux de décontamination.	fr-CA
Le juge a retiré une partie de leur autorité aux parents de deux familles, précisant qu'«ils n'ont pas actuellement le discernement nécessaire pour répondre aux besoins de santé des enfants».	fr-CA
Certains propos de Jam Johnson trouvent écho au Centre jeunesse de Montréal, où on se félicite de certains succès québécois.	fr-CA
Déjà, rapporte la vice-présidente de la CSN, depuis le 31 mars, diverses primes ont été abolies, alors qu'elles avaient été consenties pour pallier certains inconvénients.	fr-CA
S'ils croisent actuellement le fer par points de presse interposés, les chefs auront la chance de le faire en face à face une fois de plus, puisque le nombre de débats des chefs confirmés à venir est passé à deux.	fr-CA
Puisque seulement un maître montréalais sur neuf se procure la licence réglementaire, il est plausible que les pitbulls soient encore plus populaires que ne l'indiquent les statistiques officielles.	fr-CA
Le document «Guide à l'intention des conseils arbitraux de l'assurance-emploi» précise que les juges de ces tribunaux administratifs devraient éviter toute activité politique.	fr-CA
Diane de Courcy a affirmé que l'enjeu des écoles passerelles et celui de l'accès des enfants de militaires à l'école anglaise ne feraient pas partie de la «nouvelle charte».	fr-CA
Le ministre du Commerce international, Ed Fast, avait assuré à l'époque que le traité «[favoriserait] la démocratie et le développement économique du Honduras».	fr-CA
(MONTRÉAL) Des bonshommes de neige au visage crispé qui marchent d'un pas maladroit sur les trottoirs qui ont rétréci, quand ils n'ont pas carrément disparu; des conditions routières difficiles entraînant de nombreuses sorties de route et même des carambolages.	fr-CA
La fille d'Henriette Huot se rend au SPVM en fin de journée pour rapporter le vol, avec en main une photo du suspect et de l'endroit approximatif où il se trouve, un quartier de l'est de Montréal.	fr-CA
Vers 13h20, l'homme qui portait une cagoule s'est présenté dans les locaux du département de la comptabilité du centre Rousselot, angle Sherbrooke Est et Dickson.	fr-CA
La réforme du mode de scrutin, promise par plusieurs formations politiques et discutée depuis de nombreuses années au Québec, ne figure pas au programme actuel du PQ.	fr-CA
Ces câbles d'acier, qui assurent l'intégrité transversale de l'ouvrage, ne peuvent être inspectés qu'en ouvrant une «fenêtre» dans les structures de béton.	fr-CA
Il y a trois critères à remplir pour une remise en liberté : avoir l'assurance que l'accusé va se présenter à la Cour, qu'il ne commettra pas d'autre crime, et que cette remise en liberté ne minera pas la confiance du public dans l'administration de la justice.	fr-CA
Mme Marois accuse la Coalition avenir Québec de ne pas protéger assez le français pour des raisons électoralistes.	fr-CA
La juge a finalement accepté que M^e Gagné contre-interroge le directeur des enquêtes de la Commission, Robert Pigeon, qui a mené l'interrogatoire du 11 décembre.	fr-CA
Déjà en attente de procès au Québec, un présumé trafiquant que la police soupçonne d'avoir fait partie d'un consortium qui a voulu prendre le contrôle du trafic de cocaïne au Canada, fait maintenant face à une procédure d'extradition vers les États-Unis.	fr-CA
Cette énorme prise pour la CAQ est susceptible de donner une impulsion à la campagne de ce parti qui traîne derrière celles du PQ et du PLQ dans les sondages.	fr-CA
À ce jour, un seul cas d'actes répréhensibles a été démontré à la suite d'une divulgation à Ottawa.	fr-CA
Sa plainte met en cause l'ancien chef de police Marc Saint-Laurent, aujourd'hui à la retraite, et un de ses directeurs adjoints, Jean-Pierre Larose, qui travaille actuellement à l'Association des directeurs de police.	fr-CA
Leur coup de sonde permet de constater que Montréal compte davantage de détracteurs que de partisans parmi ses propres résidants.	fr-CA
Il a raconté à La Presse, hier, les événements survenus il y a environ six mois dans un centre d'Anjou fréquenté par la communauté musulmane.	fr-CA
Il a refusé de les transmettre à la CMQ au motif qu'une enquête pour harcèlement est en cours à la Commission des relations de travail (CRT), mais il devra les fournir la semaine prochaine.	fr-CA
La sortie du maire survient quelques heures après le point de presse du ministre des Affaires municipales, Sylvain Gaudreault.	fr-CA
Les candidats à la mairie cherchent également à se présenter comme des gens faciles d'accès, ce qui, paradoxalement, les force à avoir un horaire chargé.	fr-CA
Quant aux cols bleus, dont le président Michel Parent a menacé plus tôt cette semaine de recourir à la grève générale illimitée, il leur a demandé de se «calmer le pompon».	fr-CA
Mais le NPD s'inquiète de constater que, pendant la période où les dons ont été versés, SNC-Lavalin faisait du lobbying auprès du gouvernement conservateur au sujet des politiques fédérales sur «l'énergie nucléaire en Ontario».	fr-CA
Mais pour l'ancien cadre du SCRS Michel Juneau-Katsuya, il est évident que l'espionnage au Canada est un phénomène nettement plus important que ce qu'indiquent les chiffres de l'ASFC.	fr-CA
Cette situation préoccupe Via Rail, qui indique qu'il est aussi risqué de traverser une voie ferrée qu'une autoroute.	fr-CA
* Gérard Bouchard désapprouve Jean-François Lisée à la direction du PQ * Agression contre Couillard: la police ne peut rien contre un «coucou» * Pitbulls: Québec rendra sa décision «avant la fin de l'été» * Une session à oublier pour les libéraux * L'Assemblée nationale décrètera les conditions de travail des employés municipaux	fr-CA
Ces 700 professionnels de l'enseignement supérieur sont membres du Syndicat des professionnels du gouvernement du Québec, l'un des rares à n'avoir toujours pas réussi à renouveler ses conventions collectives avec le gouvernement du Québec.	fr-CA
«Cette variation pourrait être due à des changements apportés par le gouvernement fédéral en 2009», explique Karine Baribeau, porte-parole du ministère de l'Immigration.	fr-CA
Malgré cela, la situation n'est pas nécessairement très rose dans l'ensemble du Canada, où l'écart entre Canadiens de souche et immigrés se creuse.	fr-CA
Ces renseignements ont été détruits en même temps que les données du registre, donc à la suite de l'adoption du projet de loi C-19 en avril 2012.	fr-CA
«La plupart avaient des objets sur eux qui portaient à croire qu'ils s'apprêtaient à manifester sur le site.	fr-CA
Mais une chose est certaine pour M. Péladeau: «Entre le Québec et le Canada, un désaccord de plus en plus majeur se fait voir», alors qu'Ottawa se dirige vers un destin «d'État pétrolier».	fr-CA
Lorsque le milliardaire montréalais Stephen A. Jarislowsky a décidé de financer un projet-pilote destiné à réduire les délais de traitement du cancer du poumon, il voulait avant tout prouver que la réussite du système de santé québécois passe par une meilleure coordination des soins.	fr-CA
Les autres motards qui ont plaidé coupable, hier, recevront leur peine aujourd'hui ou en novembre prochain (c'est le cas de Sylvain Tétreault et de Frédéric Landry-Hétu, arrêtés récemment au terme de leur cavale).	fr-CA
Selon le porte-parole de la Sûreté du Québec, Michel Brunet, ces immeubles chambranlants mettaient en péril les intervenants sur place.	fr-CA
Selon M. Mulcair, le diagnostic que pose la Banque du Canada sur l'état de santé de l'économie devrait convaincre le gouvernement Harper d'annuler le fractionnement du revenu pour les couples ayant des enfants de moins de 18 ans.	fr-CA
On prévoit un maximum de -18 °C pour la journée de demain, avec «40 % de probabilité d'averses de neige».	fr-CA
Selon le propriétaire du restaurant Bofinger, Stéphane Pelletier, quelque 70% des clients qui fréquentent l'avenue du Parc se déplacent en voiture.	fr-CA
La CAQ, quant à elle, effectue une remontée appréciable, obtenant 23% d'appui chez les électeurs québécois, alors que Québec solidaire (QS) reste stable à 9%.	fr-CA
C'est du moins ce qu'ont soutenu à La Presse Canadienne quelques-uns de ses proches collaborateurs, dans le cadre d'une série d'entrevues effectuées au cours des dernières semaines dans le but de connaître les scénarios échafaudés par l'ex-premier ministre en cas de victoire ou de défaite lors du dernier scrutin.	fr-CA
Le Conseil des académies canadiennes soutient des évaluations scientifiques indépendantes qui alimentent l'élaboration de politiques publiques au Canada.	fr-CA
La résolution, votée à la mi-avril, demandait à M. Harper d'ouvrir les archives fédérales pour faire la lumière sur le rôle joué par un ancien juge en chef de la Cour suprême, Bora Laskin, lors du rapatriement au début des années 1980.	fr-CA
Dans ce budget annuel, la société avait annoncé un objectif ambitieux de 422,4 millions de déplacements, soit une croissance de 1,4 %.	fr-CA
Le parti de Louise Harel proposera formellement une motion au conseil municipal le 16 avril prochain pour prolonger la fête au parc Maisonneuve jusqu'à 1h dans la nuit du 23 au 24 juin.	fr-CA
«On leur disait: si je ne vaux pas deux jours de ta vie, ce n'est plus la peine de se voir.	fr-CA
Le groupe de travail Québec-Alberta n'équivaut pas à une stratégie nationale de l'énergie, a insisté Mme Clark.	fr-CA
Parmi ce matériel, se trouve une interview réalisé avec un certain Jimmy, dans le cadre d'une étude réalisée par deux professeurs criminologues de l'Université d'Ottawa, qui s'intéressent à l'industrie du sexe.	fr-CA
(Ottawa) Le premier ministre Stephen Harper affirme qu'il n'a pas l'intention de modifier la Constitution pour permettre la nomination d'un juge de la Cour fédérale à titre de l'un des trois juges québécois de la Cour suprême du Canada.	fr-CA
Mais même si ces plantations ont des permis, cela ne nous empêche pas de faire des enquêtes», a déclaré le commandant Ian Lafrenière, de la police de Montréal.	fr-CA
Des sources bien informées avaient indiqué à La Presse que le départ précipité de Richard Deschesnes était lié au fait que la SQ se faisait tirer l'oreille pour permettre à la commission Charbonneau l'accès complet à l'enquête Diligence.	fr-CA
Rappelons qu'en septembre dernier, le chef de l'Unité anticollusion du Ministère, Jacques Duchesneau, a montré du doigt les firmes de génie-conseil dans son rapport sur un «empire malfaisant» qui se consolidait dans la construction routière.	fr-CA
Pendant que des votes pour la grève sont reconduits dans plusieurs associations étudiantes, principalement dans la région de Montréal, le mouvement trouve peu d'écho à Québec.	fr-CA
À Montréal, les établissements qui verront leurs revenus fondre en raison de cette modification se feront uniquement rembourser leurs pertes à hauteur de 82%, ce qui permettra à l'Agence d'épargner 3,3 millions.	fr-CA
Le projet de loi 75 permettra aux enquêteurs de la Commission de faire des inspections, de mener des perquisitions et de saisir des objets et des documents.	fr-CA
M. Breton a quitté ses fonctions ministérielles jeudi dernier à la suite d'une cascade de révélations concernant son passé marqué par des démêlés avec l'assurance-emploi, des défauts de paiement de loyer et des contraventions pour grands excès de vitesse.	fr-CA
Pour celles de Montréal, impossible de le savoir, le Service de police de la Ville de Montréal (SPVM) ayant opposé un refus net de transmettre quelque donnée que ce soit - la donnée brute de 65 armes émanant de la Sécurité publique.	fr-CA
Le gouvernement impose sa manière de penser plutôt que de chercher une solution «gagnant-gagnant», critique à son tour la Fraternité des policiers et policières de Longueuil.	fr-CA
Un rapport du ministère des Affaires municipales estime que la Ville de Laval a enfreint certaines règles sur les appels d'offres lorsqu'elle a accordé des contrats à la firme d'avocats Dunton Rainville.	fr-CA
« Durant les dernières années de son pontificat, le CA d'une maison de retraite pour prêtres et religieuses avait recommandé de fermer l'infirmerie, qui nous coûtait les yeux de la tête », dit Lionel Gendron, l'archevêque de Longueuil, à l'époque évêque auxiliaire à Montréal.	fr-CA
Le volet 4 du programme de maintien des équipements fixes de la STM portera à un peu plus de 2 milliards $ les sommes investies dans la modernisation des équipements, tels que les systèmes de communications, l'infrastructure électrique, les équipements de voies ou les postes de ventilation, depuis 2001.	fr-CA
Selon le mandat d'arrestation déposé au palais de justice de Montréal, Neverson est relié au meurtre de l'artiste peintre Jacques Sénécal, tué lors d'une violation de domicile à Laval en 2006.	fr-CA
Mais nous garderons le cap. On n'a tout simplement ni les moyens ni le temps de remettre le travail à plus tard», a-t-il affirmé.	fr-CA
La centrale veut également souligner que ses membres n'hésiteront pas à «prendre la rue» pour contrer la rigueur budgétaire du gouvernement libéral.	fr-CA
L'ex-hockeyeur a fait valoir que la Couronne n'avait sans doute pas anticipé la médiatisation qu'entraînerait un mandat d'arrestation visé contre lui.	fr-CA
Trois autres personnes ont été hospitalisées pour des blessures sérieuses, mais on ne craint pas pour leur vie.	fr-CA
, s'est impatienté le chef caquiste François Legault peu avant le début du caucus de présession de son parti à Saint-Eustache.	fr-CA
«Mais je ne suis pas pour dire que, oui, le gouvernement fédéral doit travailler plus avec les provinces en matière d'éducation, sans dire qu'il y a peut-être d'autres enjeux dans lequel le gouvernement provincial pourrait avoir plus de pouvoirs», a-t-il illustré.	fr-CA
En ce qui concerne Me Véronique Robert, qui représente deux des accusés, elle espère évidemment que ces derniers seront mis en liberté.	fr-CA
Des groupes environnementaux s'inquiètent de la portée du nouveau projet de loi antiterroriste et des impacts qu'il aura sur le mouvement environnemental et sur les manifestants canadiens.	fr-CA
Selon certaines estimations, les barrières au commerce interprovincial coûteraient entre 3 et 49 milliards de dollars par année à l'économie canadienne.	fr-CA
A titre d'exemples récents, en 2010, une élection complémentaire dans Saint-Laurent a coûté 591 300 $ aux contribuables, selon les données du Directeur général des élections (DGE), une autre dans Kamouraska-Témiscouata 572 700 $ la même année, et une autre en 2011 dans Bonaventure a grugé 558 200 $ de fonds publics.	fr-CA
Dans la nuit du 2 au 3 juin 2009, les policiers frappent simultanément chez 27 suspects dans le cadre du projet Machine.	fr-CA
Il se trouvait alors à l'Oasis de Paix, l'unité de soins palliatifs de l'Hôpital Marie-Clarac dont il avait lui-même approuvé la construction il y a quelques années.	fr-CA
Les auteurs privilégient la taxe sur l'ensemble des déplacements automobiles parce qu'«elle répartit les coûts des nouveaux investissements sur tous les automobilistes de la région métropolitaine de Montréal.	fr-CA
Une compilation inédite de tous les arrêts effectués depuis un mois démontre aussi à quel point les sondages de mi-campagne ont changé la stratégie des partis sur le terrain.	fr-CA
Ce n'est pas vrai qu'on va aller discuter de tout sans parler des droits de scolarité», a déclaré la présidente de la FEUQ, Martine Desjardins, en reconnaissant qu'elle se heurte à une «grande fermeture» de la part du gouvernement.	fr-CA
L'homme devait aussi comparaître vendredi matin, au palais de justice de Saint-Jérôme, sous des accusations de possession et distribution de pornographie juvénile, notamment.	fr-CA
Elle peut notamment «provoquer une irritation gastro-intestinale et un dysfonctionnement rénal» lorsqu'elle est ingérée en dose suffisamment élevée, selon Santé Canada.	fr-CA
Selon la preuve d'experts de la Couronne, la blessure fatale est survenue dans les heures qui ont précédé la mort.	fr-CA
Ces petites doses, classées dans la catégorie «stimulant» par Santé Canada, seraient liées à la mort de 13 Américains, selon des rapports compilés par la Food and Drug Administration.	fr-CA
Grâce à la grande générosité de Sebastian van Berkom, l'oeuvre Soleil du maître du verre soufflé Dale Chihuly restera dans la métropole.	fr-CA
La vice-première ministre et ministre de la Sécurité publique, Lise Thériault, la ministre de la Culture, Hélène David, le ministre délégué à l'Implantation de la stratégie maritime, Jean D'Amour, le ministre de l'Environnement, David Heurtel, le ministre de l'Économie, Jacques Daoust, et la ministre des Relations internationales, Christine St-Pierre, seront du voyage.	fr-CA
Parmi les autres provinces, c'est la Saskatchewan qui enregistre les coûts les plus élevés pour cette attente, soit 2022 $, suivie du Manitoba avec 1977 $ et de la Nouvelle-Écosse avec 1732 $.	fr-CA
Le 15 avril 2010, Vincent Medhi Auger a poignardé un inconnu en pleine poitrine dans une voiture du métro de Montréal.	fr-CA
Le président du Fonds mondial du patrimoine ferroviaire, Denis Allard, affirme qu'il est inadmissible que le syndic responsable de la faillite de la MMA n'ait pas agi plus vite pour récupérer le convoi.	fr-CA
Les accusés sont Frank Zampino, ex-président du comité exécutif de Montréal, Martial Filion, ancien chef de cabinet de l'ex-maire Gérald Tremblay, Bernard Trépanier, responsable du financement d'Union Montréal dans les années 2000, ainsi que l'entrepreneur Paolo Catania, de Construction Frank Catania, Daniel Gauthier, André Fortin, Martin D'Aoust, Pasquale Fedele et Pascal Patrice.	fr-CA
Le jurisconsulte, le conseiller juridique des élus de l'Assemblée nationale, fait l'objet d'attaques répétées du PQ depuis quelques semaines.	fr-CA
L'AGPQ tiendra malgré tout une manifestation devant l'Assemblée nationale mercredi pour protester contre les compressions de 15 millions de dollars.	fr-CA
En conséquence, 190 000 citoyens du Vieux-Longueuil, de Saint-Hubert, de Saint-Bruno, de Boucherville et de Carignan doivent faire bouillir leur eau pendant au moins une minute avant de la consommer.	fr-CA
Une autre démissionnaire, Louise Fecteau de Gaïa Environnement, abonde dans le même sens: «L'AMT a été créée il y a plusieurs années, la loi n'a pas changé, et je ne pense pas que je pouvais remplir ma fonction avec des responsabilités qui s'alourdissaient sans cesse.	fr-CA
Vous me direz que de votre part c'est un choix personnel, mais je doute que ce soit celui de la plupart des femmes voilées.»	fr-CA
Selon des informations obtenues par La Presse, des représentants de l'UPAC avaient aussi interrogé M. Jobin dans la cadre de leurs enquêtes.	fr-CA
Ce type de missions spéciales sera déclenché uniquement à la demande de la ministre, puisque les corps policiers ont déjà leur section des enquêtes internes, précise-t-elle.	fr-CA
Ça n'avait pas été créé autour d'un seul homme, c'était un vrai parti politique, dans le vrai sens du mot, avec des politiques poussées.	fr-CA
M. Bouchard prône quant à lui « l'interculturalisme », qui recherche l'équilibre entre la satisfaction des attentes légitimes de la majorité francophone et le respect des droits de la minorité, « sur fond de respect non négociable des valeurs fondamentales de notre société, de notre charte », résume M. Bouchard.	fr-CA
Ses adversaires ont déposé des plaintes au DGEQ, à Élection Montréal et au CRTC, qualifiant ces procédés de «vicieux, mensongers et illégaux».	fr-CA
Puisque plusieurs des cours auxquels il était inscrit ne se donnent qu'à l'hiver, il devra attendre le mois de janvier pour retourner à l'école.	fr-CA
Elle se dit «surprise» que M. Duchesneau n'ait pas envoyé son «rapport bénévole» au Directeur général des élections.	fr-CA
Le changement de nom d'une station de métro entraîne le remplacement de bandeaux identifiant chacune des stations sur les quais, la correction de cartes et plan et même une session d'enregistrement, pour remplacer le nom préenregristré annoncé par intercom dans les voitures, à l'approche de chaque station.	fr-CA
«Monsieur Hebrich est couché par terre pendant seize minutes sur la lisière jaune au bord du quai, et jamais personne ne s'en est aperçu au contrôle central.»	fr-CA
Des aménagements peuvent étirer cette période jusqu'au 30 juin - ce qui avait été fait en 2005 lors du précédent conflit étudiant.	fr-CA
Le sénateur suspendu a plaidé non coupable à 31 chefs de fraude, de corruption et d'abus de confiance.	fr-CA
On explique que cette ristourne permettait de financer certains projets de la communauté de Gaspé et qu'elle était imposée par la municipalité.	fr-CA
(Ottawa, Ontario) Victime d'une erreur judiciaire et condamné à 15 ans d'emprisonnement dans les années 1960, le Québécois Réjean Hinse verra son dossier être étudié par la Cour suprême du Canada.	fr-CA
Au cours de cet appel-conférence, la leader conservatrice au Sénat, Marjory LeBreton, lui aurait dit que l'entente n'est plus valide.	fr-CA
C'est ce travail acharné que la CDPDJ a tenu à souligner en lui remettant le prix Droits et libertés 2013, le 10 décembre, date anniversaire de l'adoption par les Nations unies de la Déclaration universelle des droits de l'homme.	fr-CA
Jacques Demers maintient que si des sénateurs ont commis des actes criminels, ils devraient être mis à la porte du Sénat.	fr-CA
«Certains scénarios d'attentats peuvent justifier la réalisation d'études scientifiques supplémentaires afin d'en déterminer la faisabilité et de prendre les mesures de protection qui s'imposent», recommandent les auteurs.	fr-CA
Le client de Me Robert, Hamza Babou, s'est vu refuser la remise en liberté au terme de son enquête sur cautionnement.	fr-CA
Le président de l'Association québécoise de défense des droits des personnes retraitées et préretraitées (AQDR), Louis Plamondon, qui épaule Mme Thériault-Martel depuis le début, décrit la condamnation comme une «grande victoire».	fr-CA
Mais le net pullule aussi de sites racoleurs, farcis de pseudo nouvelles et de savantes prédictions qui vantent l'achat de dinars pour les investisseurs astucieux.	fr-CA
C'est pourquoi un gouvernement libéral créerait un programme avec l'Autorité des marchés financiers pour exiger des entreprises inscrites en bourse d'avoir un plan sur la représentation équitable des femmes.	fr-CA
Selon l'avocat, «il est presque ridicule de faire ce genre de commentaires à moins de faire une blague».	fr-CA
Aussi le fils d'une «mère mélomane», la musique a toujours été présente dans la vie de Stéphane.	fr-CA
Le nom de M^me Normandeau est cité à quelques reprises notamment pour préciser qu'elle serait intervenue dans un projet (la nature du projet est caviardée) contre l'avis des fonctionnaires des Affaires municipales.	fr-CA
Difficulté supplémentaire pour les policiers : la famille de la victime se trouverait toujours en Asie et il est difficile de communiquer avec elle, malgré les nombreux efforts en ce sens.	fr-CA
Il y a deux semaines, le chef intérimaire du département de chirurgie du CHUM, le Dr Conrad Pelletier, avait démissionné après qu'un de ses courriels eut circulé dans le bloc opératoire.	fr-CA
Le chef libéral soutient que la Commission Charbonneau lui a refusé de rendre publique la tenue de cette rencontre qu'il qualifie de  « normale ».	fr-CA
Après le drame, un chauffeur qu'embauche M. Rancourt a conduit Tom Harding jusque chez lui, à Farnham.	fr-CA
Elle s'est fait rembourser un billet d'avion (1406$), un service limousine de trois jours à Toronto (663$), des frais de repas d'environ 65$ et deux nuits d'hébergement à 50$ chacune pour dormir... à son condo de Toronto.	fr-CA
Enfin, la semaine dernière, le premier ministre a annoncé de nouveaux investissements de 5,3 milliards au cours des trois prochaines années pour rénover les infrastructures appartenant au gouvernement fédéral.	fr-CA
Dans sa fuite, le suspect a attaqué un piéton, un homme au volant d'un camion à ordures et un chauffeur d'autobus, pour finalement se réfugier dans un appartement de la rue Provencher.	fr-CA
La responsable des finances de l'endroit, Christine Charest, est aujourd'hui accusée par le DGEQ d'avoir fait une contribution illégale de 500$ à la formation politique «dans le cadre» du tournoi d'avril 2008.	fr-CA
« Les évaluations des directeurs seront telles que ce genre de choses-là », le respect des directives ministérielles, « sera évalué ».	fr-CA
Les autorités craignaient que M. Rouleau - tué par les policiers lundi après son agression - ne quitte le pays pour rejoindre le groupe armé État islamique.	fr-CA
Invité à commenter sur la façon dont Eve Adams a présenté la décision du gouvernement, M. Dewar a laissé tomber que la rhétorique des troupes de Stephen Harper était parfois un peu enflammée («hot»), mais pas toujours suivie de gestes concrets.	fr-CA
Le chef du Parti libéral, Justin Trudeau, a maintenu son appui au projet, mais a indiqué en fin de journée qu'il présentera trois amendements pour restreindre les nouveaux pouvoirs du Service canadien du renseignement de sécurité (SCRS), améliorer la surveillance de ce type d'agences et instaurer un mécanisme de révision de la nouvelle loi après trois ans.	fr-CA
La Ville pourrait faire face à un recours collectif de 30 millions pour dédommager les citoyens touchés.	fr-CA
Il cédait son fief, il faut le rappeler, à Elaine Zakaïb, issue du Fonds de solidarité et protégée de Claude Blanchet, mari de Mme Marois.	fr-CA
«Mais si, rêvons un peu, on avait un pont Champlain avec une offre substantielle de transport en commun», la donne changerait, a expliqué Mme David.	fr-CA
«Pendant des années, on disait que les Bo-Gars étaient l'équivalent des Rock Machine [gang de motards impliqué dans une guerre sanglante contre les Hells Angels dans les années 90].	fr-CA
(Ottawa) Thomas Mulcair veut faire éclater le «mythe» selon lequel  le NPD est incapable de gérer adéquatement les finances publiques et l'économie.	fr-CA
Ça nous inquiète, pas parce qu'on n'a pas confiance en lui, mais qu'on aimerait en savoir plus», poursuit Yves Bellavance.	fr-CA
Cette allocation sera toujours versée aux députés défaits lors des élections ou à ceux qui quittent leur siège à la fin de leur mandat.	fr-CA
À la Ville, Anik de Repentigny, chargée de communication dans l'arrondissement Ville-Marie, assure qu'il n'y a aucune volonté de faire disparaître le banc de trottoir du paysage.	fr-CA
Sur un ton combatif, en dépit de la défaite, M. Charest a promis que son parti allait travailler «en cohabitation» avec le gouvernement, «en fonction des valeurs du Parti libéral», a-t-il prévenu, sans toutefois fournir d'indices quant à ses intentions sur son avenir politique.	fr-CA
« En matière de santé, nous reconnaissons que le transfert fédéral doit changer, il ne doit pas être changé unilatéralement par le gouvernement fédéral, mais il doit être négocié avec toutes les province », a déclaré le ministre des Finances du Québec, Carlos Leitao, lors des débats de l'Assemblée nationale le mois dernier.	fr-CA
Comme à Montréal, le conseil municipal nommera un maire et un conseil exécutif de transition en vigueur jusqu'aux élections de novembre 2013.	fr-CA
Il a donné la majorité de ses notes, ses photos, ses vieilles coupures de presse à la bibliothèque de Pierrefonds, qui en a fait le « fonds Locas ».	fr-CA
Au cours d'un point de presse mercredi au centre des congrès de Rio, M. Charest a déclaré qu'il aurait aimé que l'imposante déclaration officielle proposée avant le début de la conférence, et qui sera vraisemblablement adoptée vendredi, soit davantage ambitieuse, dans les engagements à prendre pour en arriver à une économie plus verte.	fr-CA
Par exemple, en 2004, les libéraux ont instauré le programme de soutien aux enfants (547 millions par année) et la prime au travail (243 millions) pour aider les travailleurs à faible revenu à franchir le «mur de l'aide sociale».	fr-CA
Le premier trimestre de l'année à l'École polytechnique de Montréal s'est terminé dans le sang hier après-midi.	fr-CA
Earl Jones est déjà admissible à la libération conditionnelle au tiers de sa peine, même en vertu des nouvelles règles.	fr-CA
Croyant s'adresser à de potentiels acheteurs, le jeune homme dans la vingtaine affirme avoir rapporté une centaine de cache-plaques de Chine, d'où il fait de l'importation.	fr-CA
Des faveurs sexuelles auraient été obtenues en échange de l'annulation du renvoi d'un élève turbulent, lit-on dans une récente décision de la juge de la Cour du Québec, Odette Perron.	fr-CA
Au cours de la rencontre, John Baird a exprimé à son vis-à-vis africain les commentaires du gouvernement du Canada au sujet du référendum qui sera tenu au Zimbabwe sur une nouvelle Constitution, la tenue d'élections libres et démocratiques, et le respect des droits humains.	fr-CA
Et il est évident que pour des parents qui ont choisi de venir vivre au Québec, de voir leur enfant partir dans ces conditions, ce doit être un drame épouvantable. »	fr-CA
Le ministre a également critiqué Bob Paulson pour avoir discuté de la question avec les médias et pour son improvisation, estimant qu'il aurait plutôt dû élaborer un plan que la GRC et le gouvernement auraient ensuite présenté au public.	fr-CA
C'est d'ailleurs avec des yeux au beurre noir qu'il se serait présenté aux funérailles des Laramée, auxquelles assistaient aussi le motard Salvatore Cazzetta et Tony Volpato, un proche de la mafia.	fr-CA
C'est ainsi que des militants provenant entre autres de la métropole, de la Montérégie, de l'Estrie et de la Mauricie ont convergé vers le lieu où les élus provinciaux prennent leurs décisions.	fr-CA
Dans l'éventualité où Verizon ferait son entrée dans le marché canadien, l'entreprise sera tenue de respecter les lois en vigueur au Canada.	fr-CA
Rappelons que depuis décembre 2012, la loi électorale a réduit de 1000 $ à 100 $ le plafond des contributions qui peuvent être versées par un même électeur, au cours d'une même année, à chaque entité autorisée.	fr-CA
Devant la Commission Charbonneau, Jacques Duchesneau a fait une déclaration-choc, estimant que 70% du financement des partis politiques provenait de «l'argent sale».	fr-CA
Le coût: 59 millions $ pour engager ces nouveaux professionnels, et 36 millions $ pour les GMF.	fr-CA
Des étudiants rapportent de leur côté des propos inappropriés et disgracieux de la part des agents à leur endroit.	fr-CA
« C'est curieux parce que je suis à la fois l'une des plus jeunes et des plus anciennes de l'équipe, souligne-t-elle.	fr-CA
Le siège social de la Caisse, à Montréal, portera en effet le nom d'édifice Jacques-Parizeau en l'honneur de l'ancien premier ministre, qui s'est éteint lundi soir à l'âge de 84 ans.	fr-CA
Il deviendra candidat conservateur dans la circonscription de Louis-Hébert à Québec, une circonscription urbaine détenue depuis 2011 par Denis Blanchette, un député du Nouveau Parti démocratique (NPD).	fr-CA
La directrice de l'école reconnaît que les manifestants peuvent avoir en partie obstrué les trottoirs, mais que l'entrave était bien mineure.	fr-CA
Sur cette question, il est important que tous les Québécois soient unis, quelle que soit leur opinion sur l'avenir politique du Québec.	fr-CA
- Trains de banlieue: Ligne Deux-Montagnes: doublement des voies ferrées dans le secteur Roxboro et trois départs de plus en pointe.	fr-CA
Le Québec et l'ICIS, organisme autonome financé par le gouvernement fédéral et les provinces et territoires, sont aujourd'hui parvenus à harmoniser une partie des méthodes de recension des données.	fr-CA
Le député néo-démocrate Robert Chisholm de la Nouvelle-Écosse avait aussi brièvement mentionné cette promesse électorale de rétablir la livraison à domicile lors d'une déclaration aux Communes faite la semaine dernière.	fr-CA
Selon les informations obtenues par La Presse, la direction du PQ a prévenu il y a trois mois l'ex-députée bloquiste Carole Lavallée, pressentie dans Borduas, que la circonscription était réservée «à un candidat-vedette de Radio-Canada».	fr-CA
Après avoir été accueilli en héros mardi soir par des fidèles rassemblés au Mur des lamentations, le premier ministre s'est envolé mercredi pour le nord d'Israël à bord d'un hélicoptère militaire afin de découvrir les splendeurs de la région entourant la mer de Galilée.	fr-CA
De son côté, Serge Cadieux a soutenu que le ménage avait été fait dans les rangs de la FTQ, et il a soutenu que les témoignages sur les liens entre le crime organisé et le syndicat, entendus à la Commission Charbonneau, réfèrent aux choses du passé.	fr-CA
Le convoi de 72 wagons-citernes de la MMA, laissé sans surveillance pour la nuit à Nantes, avait dévalé une légère pente sur 13 km puis déraillé en plein centre-ville de Lac-Mégantic, avant d'exploser et de prendre feu.	fr-CA
Les libéraux ont trouvé un candidat connu en Denis Vallée, qui jouirait d'une bonne avance, selon un sondage du Courrier Sud.	fr-CA
Vingt-huit ans plus tard, il montait à nouveau sur le podium, cette fois avec une médaille d'argent en architecture accrochée au cou, pour les plans d'un stade qu'il avait conçu.	fr-CA
Québec réduit de 20% à 8% le taux du crédit d'impôt non remboursable pour les droits de scolarité afin de financer les différentes bonifications de l'aide financière.	fr-CA
Katie Telford a eu la piqûre de la politique après avoir été page à l'Assemblée législative de l'Ontario.	fr-CA
Ce dossier est l'un des enjeux majeurs actuellement négociés avec Québec dans le cadre de l'Entente fiscale, qui devrait être finalisée d'ici août prochain.	fr-CA
La GRC a par ailleurs établi que le tireur a financé l'attaque grâce à son travail dans les champs de pétrole en Alberta.	fr-CA
«L'annulation subite, brutale, injustifiée et illégale du trajet Sherbrooke-Lac-Mégantic, dont les parties avaient pourtant convenu, serait extrêmement lourde de conséquences pour la demanderesse [Orford Express]», soutient la requête.	fr-CA
5 novembre : Plus de deux semaines après le meurtre, les policiers de Longueuil retournent faire des recherches près de la piste cyclable.	fr-CA
Il fut dès lors imposé sur les revenus d'intérêt et de placements de ce compte comme si l'argent avait été transféré dans un compte bancaire au Canada.	fr-CA
C'est à ces plans de retraite macabres que j'ai pensé, plus tard, en lisant une étude des professeurs Jean-Herman Guay et Luc Godbout, publiée dans la revue Options politiques, en novembre dernier.	fr-CA
La décision de la Cour d'appel de l'Ontario renverse le verdict d'un tribunal inférieur, qui avait conclu que le sergent Mark Charlebois avait seulement touché le manifestant Paul Figueiras, au rassemblement de juin 2010 au centre-ville de Toronto.	fr-CA
La décision de la Cour a toutefois été partagée: trois juges sont d'avis qu'un nouveau procès est nécessaire, mais deux juges auraient rejeté l'appel.	fr-CA
«Assurément que c'est une réflexion qui doit aussi avoir lieu, a indiqué la députée péquiste en entrevue avec La Presse, juste après avoir lu le jugement concernant Pierre Mayence.	fr-CA
Mahdi El Jamali avait attribué la note de cinq étoiles au Centre communautaire de Charkaoui sur Facebook et s'était inscrit à l'événement «Fuyez vers Allah» organisé par M. Charkaoui en décembre.	fr-CA
Sousa, pour sa part, a plusieurs antécédents criminels et deux causes pendantes de possession de haschisch et d'agression armée.	fr-CA
Pis là, on va remettre encore de l'argent, pis osti on a perdu de l'argent là dedans», disait-il à Michel Arsenault, selon le témoignage entendu à la commission Charbonneau.	fr-CA
Elle a indiqué que le jeune homme de 26 ans était «pétillant», mais qu'il n'arrivait pas à croire qu'il se trouvait au Canada, et non plus sous l'emprise des Américains.	fr-CA
Mais il a confié son malaise à l'idée d'emmener ses enfants à un événement où «des hommes bedonnants» se promènent dans la rue «tout nus».	fr-CA
Le passage de Pierre Karl Péladeau en politique a été bref, mais fort remarqué, et l'homme n'a surtout laissé personne indifférent.	fr-CA
Critiqué pour sa gestion de la crise, le corps de police a tenu à exposer sa version des faits.	fr-CA
L'entreprise plaidait notamment que la cause aurait dû être tranchée par la Cour fédérale et non par la Cour supérieure du Québec.	fr-CA
Un jour, lors d'une visite, Mme Malouf se serait fait jeter dehors sans ménagement par M. Antonacci.	fr-CA
M. Penashue a été élu par seulement 79 voix dans la vaste circonscription de Labrador lors des élections fédérales du 2 mai 2011.	fr-CA
Plamondon, réélu pour un 10^e mandat consécutif, s'est réjoui de l'augmentation du nombre de députés souverainistes que les Québécois ont fait élire: de quatre députés élus en 2011 à dix lundi, en passant par seulement deux à la dissolution du Parlement.	fr-CA
Il faut prendre le temps de les regarder, de bien [y] réfléchir, et après ça, on posera les actions qui sont adéquates.	fr-CA
Contrairement à ce qu'affirmait hier le ministère canadien des Affaires étrangères dans un article sur Raif Badawi, l'ambassadeur du Canada en Arabie saoudite n'a pas rencontré le ministre saoudien des Affaires étrangères pour discuter du cas du jeune blogueur emprisonné, mais bien un représentant de son ministère.	fr-CA
Le mohawk, la langue iroquoise de l'un des groupes les plus emblématiques des Premières Nations, comptait à peine 545 locuteurs en 2011, tous au Québec et en Ontario.	fr-CA
Le juge en chef de la Cour du Banc de la Reine du Nouveau-Brunswick, David Smith, a déclaré à la Cour vendredi, que le Couronne allait demander trois condamnations à vie quant aux chefs de meurtre au premier degré, ce qui signifie que Bourque ne serait pas éligible à la libération conditionnelle avant 75 ans.	fr-CA
«Le Québec, comme d'autres provinces, est bénéficiaire de la richesse générée dans l'ouest du pays, notamment avec l'exploitation du pétrole.	fr-CA
Je me trouvais si bien en Haïti, que rendue là-bas, je me suis mise à rêver comme une jeune fille en me disant: si je trouve un compagnon de vie, je reste ici pour toujours.	fr-CA
Son médecin, François Bissonnette, a dit hier à La Presse que les ovules étaient du Québec, mais Joël Legendre aurait affirmé cette semaine qu'ils venaient d'une banque américaine.	fr-CA
Il y a quelques années, le gouvernement a augmenté l'enveloppe budgétaire allouée à la réfection, l'entretien et le maintien des écoles dans toute la province afin de résorber le déficit d'entretien des bâtiments d'ici 2022.	fr-CA
On gardera le modèle de bipartisme déjà formellement mis en place à la CSST pour cette nouvelle «Commission des droits et de la santé du travail», où les membres du conseil d'administration viendront, à parts égales, des employeurs et des représentants des salariés.	fr-CA
«On ne pourra pas acheter des équipements de pointe dispendieux dans 22 laboratoires, alors oui à une concentration, mais à une condition que le patient et la pratique médicale ne s'en trouvent pas altérés», a nuancé le président de la FMSQ qui craint un développement anarchique.	fr-CA
Dans une déclaration sous serment déposée ce matin au palais de justice, Claude Viens affirme qu'il montré sa carte d'enquêteur privé à une employée du transporteur aérien Pascan et a demandé le numéro de vol et la destination du vol que s'apprêtait à prendre Mme Snyder le 26 juin dernier.	fr-CA
Une tante en sanglots a dit qu'elle ne comprenait pas comment un si jeune garçon avait pu se trouver en possession d'une arme.	fr-CA
Les contrats du ministère des Transports (MTQ) font partie des priorités, comme le démontre la présence de M. Lafrenière, hier matin, à la conférence de presse du gouvernement annonçant le début des travaux de reconstruction de l'échangeur Turcot.	fr-CA
Sur cette vieille photo de filature de la police datant des années 1970, Tony Mucci s'apprête à entrer dans le Reggio Bar, quartier général de la famille Violi, clan dominant de la mafia montréalaise à cette époque.	fr-CA
Les responsables n'ont toutefois pas été en mesure de chiffrer les coûts de cette opération, qui est toujours en cours.	fr-CA
200 Policiers Près de 200 policiers, dont ceux du Groupe d'intervention tactique, avec leur tout nouveau camion blindé, prennent d'assaut Côte-des-Neiges.	fr-CA
Annoncée en 2006 par le gouvernement du Québec, la réalisation du train de l'Est entre Montréal et Mascouche devait coûter, à l'origine, 300 millions.	fr-CA
«On ne peut pas faire de subsides pour la Ligue nationale de hockey, pour M. Péladeau, où pour les Nordiques, même si je veux bien que les Nordiques soient de retour à Québec, a dit le chef libéral, de passage dans la Vieille Capitale pour un bref arrêt dans un centre communautaire de Charlesbourg, où il a vanté sa plateforme familiale.	fr-CA
Il n'y a pas juste le jus d'orange à 16$, il y a les F-35 et tout ça... Il n'y a rien de mieux que de laisser une marmite entrouverte pour qu'on puisse parler d'autre chose pendant ce temps-là.»	fr-CA
(OTTAWA) Des initiatives qui pourraient avoir «d'importantes répercussions sur la vie privée» des Canadiens n'ont pas été évaluées par le Commissariat à la protection à la vie privée avant d'être mises en oeuvre par l'Agence des services frontaliers du Canada (ASFC).	fr-CA
C'est inconcevable qu'un pays comme le Panamá fasse autant d'efforts pour réduire ses émissions et que le Canada abandonne le protocole de Kyoto.	fr-CA
Les manifestants affirment qu'il a laissé dépérir les lofts depuis près de 10 ans et qu'il bénéficiera de l'éviction de leurs occupants.	fr-CA
Dans son rapport présenté lundi au conseil municipal, Me Denis Gallant recommande à la Société du parc Jean-Drapeau de résilier ses quatre contrats qui sont toujours en vigueur, dont la préparation des plans et devis.	fr-CA
Au total, la filiale immobilière de la Caisse de dépôt compte investir 1 milliard au centre-ville d'ici 2016, dans le cadre de son Plan Montréal.	fr-CA
«Ces changements renforceront la sécurité des collectivités canadiennes, tout en garantissant aux patients l'accès à ce dont ils ont besoin pour le traitement de maladies graves.»	fr-CA
L'ancien fonctionnaire Robert Morrison, qui avait mené un projet de partage d'information au Conseil du Trésor avant de prendre sa retraite, a déclaré que le projet pilote - n'ayant pas abouti - l'avait convaincu que les autorités ne partageaient pas suffisamment de renseignements.	fr-CA
Cela ne se réglera pas en reniant l'augmentation des frais, mais en bonifiant le programme de prêts et bourses et en instaurant un mécanisme de remboursement proportionnel au revenu», a-t-il suggéré.	fr-CA
Quelque 844 millions (18%) seront consacrés à la rénovation et la construction de bâtiments, tandis que 495 millions iront aux parcs et espaces verts (11%).	fr-CA
Par ailleurs, la réunion d'information du 23 janvier prochain est maintenue, précise-t-il, et permettra de présenter «les critères qui devraient guider toutes les interventions dans ce secteur».	fr-CA
Au pire de la situation, après les violents orages de vendredi, 560 000 abonnés d'Hydro-Québec n'avaient pas d'électricité.	fr-CA
Or, à la table de travail, le gouvernement mettait toujours de l'avant le même modèle, soit cinq mois d'anglais intensif et cinq mois pour enseigner toutes les autres matières.	fr-CA
En région éloignée, les mineures sont transportées pour une courte période dans des motels à proximité des grands axes de transport.	fr-CA
Il s'attend à ce que le candidat qu'il a présenté la semaine dernière, le procureur en chef adjoint de la commission Charbonneau Denis Gallant, soit élu lors de la prochaine assemblée ordinaire du conseil, le 24 février.	fr-CA
Les pompiers avaient reçu un appel pour un homme qui s'était embarré à l'extérieur de son logement alors que son souper était sur la cuisinière.	fr-CA
Le procureur général du Canada en a appelé il y a un peu plus d'une semaine à la Cour d'appel qui siège à Montréal.	fr-CA
Leurs compétences ne sont pas tant en cause que la discrimination à l'emploi, plus manifeste au Québec que dans d'autres provinces de référence.	fr-CA
Un porte-parole de la société fédérale des ponts, Jean-Vincent Lacroix, a assuré à La Presse que les modifications au rapport d'inspection de 2012 n'ont pas été demandées par PJCCI avant la production du rapport final.	fr-CA
«Ça arrive effectivement que les autorités vont demander la collaboration de ces compagnies, affirme-t-il à La Presse en entrevue téléphonique.	fr-CA
Depuis des mois, le docteur Porter, qui vit aux Bahamas, est recherché en lien avec les scandales de corruption qui touchent la province.	fr-CA
En entrevue téléphonique à l'Associated Press, le père de la disparue a soutenu que sa famille était une famille ordinaire sans connexions et qu'il souhaitait simplement le retour du couple en santé.	fr-CA
Par conséquent, le Parti conservateur perdrait le contrôle du Sénat aux mains des autres partis, ce qui serait difficile à pardonner pour ses partisans, selon M. Gibbins.	fr-CA
La directrice de la recherche de la commission, Geneviève Cartier, qui interroge les experts, l'a aussi questionné sur l'opportunité de limiter le nombre de mandats que pourrait cumuler un élu.	fr-CA
En entretien téléphonique, Richard Perreault a assimilé le vote du bureau de direction du SCFP à une «manigance».	fr-CA
Ceci l'empêche de recevoir les preuves qui seront déposées contre elle, rendant difficile la tâche à ses avocats de préparer une défense.	fr-CA
Certains d'entre eux font des blagues «qui entretiennent des préjugés et des stéréotypes», a-t-elle affirmé, avant d'ajouter que le dossier était toujours «au stade de la réflexion».	fr-CA
Au cours de la nuit, des flammes ont presque entièrement détruit la vieille école bâtie dans les années 50.	fr-CA
(OTTAWA) Le gouvernement Harper donne sa bénédiction au projet Northern Gateway proposé par la société albertaine Enbridge qui veut construire un oléoduc de 1200 kilomètres pour acheminer le pétrole issu des sables bitumineux de l'Alberta jusqu'au port de Kitimat, en Colombie-Britannique.	fr-CA
(LA MALBAIE) La conférence des premiers ministres et des gouverneurs du Nord-Est américain a permis de faire avancer l'idée voulant que l'hydroélectricité québécoise soit renouvelable et propre.	fr-CA
Les participants ont aussi compris que le gouvernement éviterait de faire du «mur à mur» avec les mesures linguistiques visant les petites entreprises; ainsi, celles qui sont forcées de fonctionner en anglais bénéficieront d'allégements.	fr-CA
«Je lui ai souhaité du succès dans sa prochaine carrière... et je lui dit de ne pas être un étranger», a-t-il ajouté.	fr-CA
La Commission ne siégeant pas la semaine prochaine, le prochain témoin pourrait ainsi n'être entendu qu'à la fin du mois.	fr-CA
Pour le moment, la Commission doit entendre pour le reste de la journée pas moins de huit requêtes en non-publication présentées par le Directeur des poursuites criminelles et pénales.	fr-CA
« Un député qui se fait diagnostiquer un cancer ou dont la conjointe, par exemple, se fait diagnostiquer un cancer ne devrait pas être puni pour ça », a dit M. Drainville.	fr-CA
La première en est une pour négociations de mauvaise foi alors que la seconde a dans sa mire des tentatives d'entrave dans les activités du syndicat.	fr-CA
D'autres enquêtes menées en parallèle de celle de la GRC pourraient également amener de l'eau au moulin de la controverse.	fr-CA
Le gouvernement n'entend accéder à aucune demande de l'opposition et ne modifiera pas - ni ne divisera - le projet de loi C-38 sur la mise en oeuvre du budget.	fr-CA
(OTTAWA) Le gouvernement conservateur de Stephen Harper a franchi le cap des sept ans de pouvoir au début de l'année en montrant des signes d'essoufflement.	fr-CA
Le CSARS est un organisme qui exerce, au nom du Parlement et du public canadien, «une surveillance sur le Service canadien du renseignement et de sécurité».	fr-CA
M. Roy a également dénoncé avec vigueur le fait que des professeurs aient été intimidés par des agents de sécurité et des policiers, et que certains de ses membres aient été appréhendés de manière «injustifiée».	fr-CA
Mercredi, le gouvernement canadien a annoncé la création d'une équipe de six à dix fonctionnaires dont le mandat sera de cibler les fraudeurs de l'impôt.	fr-CA
Yves Fournier a plaidé coupable et a été condamné à une amende de 2000$ et à la suspension de son permis de conduire.	fr-CA
Avec ces six nouveaux plaidoyers, ce sont maintenant plus de 25 membres des Hells Angels et leurs sympathisants qui ont plaidé coupables dans le cadre des méga-procès SharQc.	fr-CA
Les commissaires ont même constaté que ce rapport contenait surtout des remarques désobligeantes envers les autres corps de police qui participaient à Carcajou, «ou visant à mousser la contribution de la SQ à cette escouade».	fr-CA
Si les demandes sont acceptées, les 15 produits de Sandoz en attente d'une autorisation d'homologation seront vendus aux prix négociés dans les appels d'offres, a confirmé l'entreprise à La Presse.	fr-CA
Dès son élection, il était clair que le maire Gingras avait en poche une «hit list» - une série de fonctionnaires municipaux dont il voulait se débarrasser.	fr-CA
Les policiers ont tenté de canaliser le trajet des manifestants, établissant notamment un véritable barrage humain pour leur empêcher l'accès à la rue Sainte-Catherine à l'ouest de la rue Union.	fr-CA
Le groupe, muni d'une banderole rouge contre la hausse des droits de scolarité, a bloqué notamment le boulevard Pie-IX.	fr-CA
«Si un citoyen ordinaire faisait cela, le gouvernement et la police leur tomberaient dessus comme une tonne de briques», a lancé le député néo-démocrate Charlie Angus.	fr-CA
Plus tôt ce mois-ci, la présidente du Brésil a annulé une visite officielle prévue à Washington pour protester contre les allégations d'espionnage de la part de la NSA américaine rendues publiques dans les documents révélés par Snowden.	fr-CA
Là, il est temps qu'il se lève, qu'il réunisse les partis puis qu'on agisse, parce que, tant qu'on n'aura pas agi, on met les maires des municipalités au Québec dans une situation intenable.»	fr-CA
Quant à la création d'emplois, elle se fera entre autres par la signature d'accords de libre-échange qui permettra l'expansion des entreprises d'ici, a expliqué M. Van Loan.	fr-CA
M. Duchesneau a aussi soutenu que 70 % de l'argent obtenu par les partis politiques était «de l'argent sale», et a même déposé un rapport, resté confidentiel, fruit de son enquête personnelle.	fr-CA
Et il continue vraisemblablement à se droguer, ce qui constitue un frein important à la recherche de ressources pour le sortir de la rue.	fr-CA
Il entend mener «le combat de sa vie» contre le ministre Pierre Moreau et le gouvernement libéral, pour qu'il change «en profondeur» le projet de loi 3.	fr-CA
Il avait alors été découvert qu'Arthur Porter avait confié 200 000 $ à Ari Ben Menashe afin qu'il réussisse à obtenir en sa faveur un financement de 120 millions de dollars dans un projet minier au Sierra Leone, pays d'origine de Porter.	fr-CA
Sur place, elle réussit avec des partenaires locaux à nouer des liens et à former des groupes de mères tharu qui ont vécu l'esclavage (bondage).	fr-CA
Le feu a atteint une telle chaleur qu'il a fait fondre les lampadaires sur le trottoir qui longe le lac et même fait éclater les immenses pierres qui bordent celui-ci.	fr-CA
Le Premier ministre a livré un discours «surprise» lundi après-midi, jour d'ouverture du 18e Forum économique internationale des Amériques, qui se déroule jusqu'à jeudi à l'hôtel Hilton de la Place Bonaventure.	fr-CA
La guerre de pouvoir entre MM. Hébert et Parent est désormais un secret de polichinelle dans les rangs policiers.	fr-CA
Au terme d'un feuilleton déroutant, Santé Canada a accordé l'an dernier un numéro de produit naturel à EMPowerplus - un cocktail de vitamines et de minéraux dérivé d'un remède conçu pour calmer les porcs agressifs.	fr-CA
(SAINT-SIMÉON) La gratitude des Charlevoisiens à l'égard de Paul Desmarais et de sa famille prend notamment sa source dans les différentes causes locales épousées par l'homme d'affaires.	fr-CA
La protectrice a demandé au ministère de l'Éducation de permettre à ces enfants de fréquenter l'école, quel que soit le statut des parents.	fr-CA
Les journalistes étaient nombreux dans la tribune réservée à la presse en cette journée de reprise des travaux parlementaires, moins de 24 heures après la victoire décisive de M. Trudeau au premier tour de scrutin.	fr-CA
L'entrepreneur que l'on voit le plus souvent est Nicolo Milioto, que l'enquêteur a décrit comme le middleman, le lien entre la mafia et l'industrie de la construction.	fr-CA
Au-delà des arguments juridiques autour d'une fiducie sans droit de regard, des règles distinctes pour une société publique ou privée, le conflit d'intérêts évident pour un patron de presse à devenir politicien, «c'est trop gros.	fr-CA
M. Lalonde a ainsi affirmé avoir remis 10 000$ au maire de Mirabel, Hubert Meilleur, pour contribuer à sa réélection lors des dernières élections municipales, en 2009.	fr-CA
Les deux hommes s'étaient déjà croisés quelques fois, notamment à l'époque où l'ancien politicien était ambassadeur à Paris.	fr-CA
Le ministre a dit croire que ces actions contreviennent aux «principes déterminants et aux valeurs fondamentales» de l'OCDE, et qu'elles constituent en fait une «menace bien réelle» à la sécurité mondiale.	fr-CA
Il voit notamment un homme d'affaires comme Christian Dubé ou Stéphane Le Bouyonnec - et non un médecin - à la tête du ministère de la Santé.	fr-CA
La semaine dernière, le député caquiste Jacques Duchesneau a évoqué la possibilité d'un lien entre une subvention accordée en 2003, à quatre jours des élections, au projet de restauration de l'église St. James piloté par l'entrepreneur Paul Sauvé, l'infiltration de l'entreprise de ce dernier par le crime organisé et la consommation passée de cocaïne de M. Boisclair.	fr-CA
Le fils de l'ex-étoile du Canadien a commencé à avoir des problèmes avec la justice dès 2004, alors qu'il était âgé de 19 ans.	fr-CA
Le maire Tremblay avait fait ces déclarations en marge de l'annonce de la première pelletée de terre marquant les travaux au carrefour Henri-Bourassa-Pie-IX.	fr-CA
Le gouvernement estime que la biométrie est essentielle pour protéger la sécurité des Canadiens et aider à prévenir l'entrée au pays de personnes non admissibles.	fr-CA
Il se souvient de la chaleur intense qu'il a sentie, des gens qui couraient dans les rues, paniqués, dont une de ses serveuses qui a réussi à s'échapper du bar.	fr-CA
Profitant de la présence de son homologue du Bloc, Pauline Marois a martelé que seule l'élection d'un gouvernement souverainiste permettra de rétablir le «rapport de force» entre Québec et Ottawa.	fr-CA
«Puis, progressivement, à partir de la première année, à raison de quelques périodes par semaine, on l'a réintégré dans une classe ordinaire.	fr-CA
«On espère que trois juges de la Cour d'appel vont comprendre notre théorie présentée au procès, il n'y a pas de perte, pas de victime et encore aujourd'hui le directeur actuel [le directeur général de la FTQ-Construction Yves Ouellet,] maintient que la FTQ n'a pas été fraudée », a réitéré l'avocat, samedi.	fr-CA
«Toute décision que le comité exécutif du CHUM aurait pu prendre, notamment la nomination de hors cadres et de cadres supérieurs est sans valeur.»	fr-CA
M. Trudeau ne voit pas matière à inquiétude devant les plus récentes données de Statistique Canada qui révèlent une nouvelle diminution du poids relatif du français au pays, notamment à Montréal.	fr-CA
L'Association a refusé de commenter davantage, ne serait-ce que pour préciser si la pratique est toujours la même.	fr-CA
Le projet de loi prévoit aussi que les 8000 entreprises qui comptent de 26 à 49 employés devront s'assurer que le français est «la langue normale et habituelle du travail».	fr-CA
